ANI | Updated : Dec 07 , 2020 12:02 IST New Delhi [ India ] , December 7 ( ANI ) : Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Monday alleged that the Centre tried to `` pressure '' the Delhi government to convert the nine stadiums into temporary prisons during the farmers ' 'Dilli Chalo ' protest.Kejriwal 's remarks come as he arrived at Guru Teg Bahadur Memorial near the Singhu border ( Delhi-Haryana border ) to meet the protesting farmers and inspect the arrangements made for them.Speaking to the media , he said that despite the Centre 's pressure , the Delhi government did not proceed with the Delhi Police 's request to convert stadiums into temporary prisons as the Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP ) believes that all the concerns of the farmers are legitimate .
`` If you recall the farmers first came to the border areas of the Delhi , the Central government and the Delhi Police had pressured us to convert the 9 stadiums into prisons .
At that time , I was put under pressure to give permission .
I received a lot of phone calls .
They had prepared a plan to send the farmers into the stadium .
But we did not give them permission which helped the farmers to continue their protest , '' he alleged .
`` First of all , we support all the demands of the farmers .
All the concerns and demands of the farmers are legitimate .
From the beginning , our government and our party have stood with the farmers ' struggle , '' the Chief Minister said.Last month , the Delhi Government had rejected the request made by the Delhi Police seeking to convert nine stadiums into temporary prisons , in view of the 'Delhi Chalo ' farmers protest .
`` The demand of the farmers is legitimate .
The Centre must accept the demand made by the farmers .
To put them behind the jail is not the solution .
Every citizen in the country has the right to protest in a non-violent way ... That is why we reject the demand made by Delhi Police to convert the stadiums into makeshift jails , '' the Delhi government had said in a statement.Commenting on the current arrangements made to accommodate the needs of the farmers , Kejriwal said , `` We have to help the farmers .
Even today I have not come as a Chief Minister but as a 'sevadar ' to help the farmers .
They work for us 24 hours around the clock and today the farmers need us .
I have come to see the arrangements being made for the farmers .
`` On farmers ' 'Bharat bandh ' call , Kejriwal said that the AAP will fully support the farmers with the hope that the 'bandh ' will be observed peacefully .
`` Farmer said that they are satisfied by the basic arrangements here ..... All of our workers , officials , and volunteers are helping the farmers .
AAP will fully support the December 8 Bharat bandh throughout the country .
I hope that this bandh will be observed peacefully , '' he said .
Opposition parties , including Congress , Telangana Rashtra Samithi ( TRS ) , Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) , Communist Party of India , Communist Party of India ( Marxist-Leninist ) , Revolutionary Socialist Party ( RSP ) , Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam ( DMK ) , Rashtriya Janata Dal ( RJD ) , Samajwadi Party ( SP ) , All India Forward Bloc ( AIFB ) , Shiv Sena and National Congress Party ( NCP ) also supported the call for 'Bharat bandh ' .
( ANI ) Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal Central government Police Piyush Goyal expresses condolences over loss of lives in Mumbai building collapse Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 08:53 IST Uttarakhand govt to provide Rs 3,000 per month to children orphaned by COVID-19 Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 07:00 IST Bangladeshi human trafficker living in India illegally for last 20 years apprehended : BSF Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 06:40 IST Delhi Police busts nationwide fraud syndicate operated by Chinese nationals , 11 held Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 06:26 IST Jitin Prasada 's exit 'great loss ' for Congress , his future is secure in BJP : Rebel Cong MLA Aditi Singh Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 06:27 IST Reconstruction of Ram temple in Vizianagaram to be completed by January , says Andhra minister Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 05:44 IST Six-year-old video was circulated out of jealousy , enmity , says rapper Aditya Tiwari 's mother copyrights © aninews.in | All rights Reserved
