ANI | Updated : Dec 22 , 2020 19:13 IST New Delhi [ India ] , December 22 ( ANI ) : Farmers agitating at Ghazipur border have cleared one side of the road on Tuesday evening to facilitate the traffic .
The road connecting Delhi with Uttar Pradesh was blocked completely by farmers in the morning.Additional District Magistrate , Ghaziabad Shailendra Kumar Singh said , `` We insisted the farmer leaders to open the road which was closed since morning .
`` Singh further added , `` Several trolleys of farmers have been stopped for checking at many places .
We have told the farmer leaders that now onwards all the trolleys will be allowed to pass only after checking . ''
A biker passing by told ANI , `` It has been very difficult for me to reach office .
I commute from Ghaziabad to Delhi everyday .
Now the road is open , it is quite a relief .
`` A commuter travelling from Delhi to Ghaziabad said , `` Reopening of this road is convenient for us as we are able to save some time .
`` Farmers on Tuesday morning blocked Ghazipur border completely as the protest against the new farm laws continued .
Traffic from Delhi towards Ghazipur and Ghaziabad on the Delhi-Meerut expressway was affected as both side carriageways were closed .
Speaking to ANI , Rakesh Tikait , Spokesperson , Bhartiya Kisan Union explained , `` We are not causing inconvenience to anyone .
Yesterday , farmers were only talking to commuters for a few minutes on Delhi-Ghazipur road and did not block any road .
Farmers told commuters that they should discuss farmers ' issues at their home too .
`` Hundreds of farmers are protesting at the borders of Delhi since November 26 against the Farmers ' Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation ) Act , 2020 ; the Farmers ( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Act , 2020 ; and the Essential Commodities ( Amendment ) Act , 2020 .
( ANI ) Farmers ' Protest Ghazipur Border Bangladeshi human trafficker living in India illegally for last 20 years apprehended : BSF Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 00:02 IST Maharashtra govt will amend agricultural laws to protect interests of farmers , says minister Balasaheb Thorat Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 00:02 IST Modi government committed to double farmers ' income : Nadda Updated : Jun 09 , 2021 23:54 IST Kerala BJP to protest against state govt for 'defaming party ' in Kodakara black money case Updated : Jun 09 , 2021 23:06 IST Punjab makes adequate arrangements for paddy season starting tomorrow Updated : Jun 09 , 2021 22:13 IST Mission Punganur project shows commitment of Andhra govt towards local farmers : Animal Husbandry dept director Updated : Jun 09 , 2021 21:31 IST There should be a union of states under federal structure , feels Mamata Banerjee copyrights © aninews.in | All rights Reserved
