Topics Shiromani Akali Dal | BJP | National Democratic Alliance BS Web Team & PTI | New Delhi Last Updated at September 26 , 2020 23:15 IST https : //mybs.in/2YQOFqM The Bharatiya Janata Party ’ s ( BJP ’ s ) oldest ally in Punjab and at the national level , the Shiromani Akali Dal ( SAD ) has quit the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance ( NDA ) over the Narendra Modi government ’ s controversial farm Bills .
SAD chief Sukhbir Singh Badal made this announcement after holding a core committee meeting of the party in Chandigarh late evening on Saturday .
The highest decision-making body of the SAD at its emergency meeting decided unanimously to pull out of the NDA alliance , he said .
With this , the SAD has become the third major ... Key stories on business-standard.com are available to premium subscribers only .
MONTHLY STAR Note : Subscription will be auto renewed , you may cancel any time in the future without any questions asked .
SMART ANNUAL Note : Subscription will be auto renewed , you may cancel any time in the future without any questions asked .
Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
