Topics farmers protest | Delhi Police | New Delhi Press Trust of India | New Delhi/Ghaziabad Last Updated at February 1 , 2021 20:27 IST https : //mybs.in/2ZbwEtP Farmers ' protest sites at Delhi 's borders turned into fortresses Monday as police beefed up security and strengthened barricades .
Workers under the watch of police personnel were seen hooking iron rods between two rows of cement barriers on a flank of the main highway at the Singhu border to further restrict the movement of protesters , agitating against the new farm laws.document.write ( `` < ! -- '' ) ; if ( isUserBanner== '' free '' & & ( displayConBanner==1 ) ) document.write ( `` -- > '' ) ; googletag.cmd.push ( function ( ) { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot ( '/6516239/outofpage_1x1_desktop ' , 'div-gpt-ad-1490771277198-0 ' ) .addService ( googletag.pubads ( ) ) ; googletag.pubads ( ) .enableSyncRendering ( ) ; googletag.enableServices ( ) ; } ) ; Another portion of the highway at the Delhi-Haryana border is practically blocked now as a makeshift cement wall has come up there .
At Ghazipur on the Delhi-Uttar Pradesh border , there are multi-layer barricades to stop the movement of vehicles .
Barbed wire has also been put up to keep off people on foot .
Protesters were pouring in as Bharatiya Kisan Union members and its leader Rakesh Tikait stayed pitched at Ghazipur 's UP Gate , occupying a stretch of the Delhi-Meerut highway since November .
Hundreds of security personnel , including the Provincial Armed Constabulary ( PAC ) and Rapid Action Force ( RAF ) , kept vigil .
Drones were being used to monitor the situation and vehicles checked as more support flowed in for the BKU from Uttar Pradesh , Haryana and Rajasthan .
At Singhu on the Haryana border , a worker drilled rods in cross-formation between two rows of solid barriers .
`` The other flank was done yesterday .
Cement is to be poured in the space between the barriers on this flank to make a makeshift wall , '' he said .
The move comes days after the violent clashes between some protesters and police on January 26 during the tractor parade by the farmers .
The section of the highway at the Singhu border also saw a clash recently between farmers and a group of people who claimed to be local residents .
On Monday , the Delhi side of the Singhu border saw a sparse crowd of protesters while the Haryana side was dominated by people making vociferous speeches , denouncing the new farm laws .
Security personnel from the paramilitary forces , RAF and CRPF , were seen in relatively less numbers compared to the past few days at Singhu .
But a large number of police personnel manned the stretch .
Besides the makeshift wall on the highway , a small trench was dug up earlier across a street a little off the highway and cement barricades put up on both the sides .
Farmer leaders at the site , however , asserted that the barricades wo n't cage their spirit .
Balwinder Singh Sirsa , a farmer leader from Sirsa in Haryana , urged protesters not get demotivated by what happened on January 26 , claiming it was `` orchestrated by some people to denigrate the protest .
A woman protester from Haryana , addressing a large gathering from the dais , said the alleged conspiracy on that day failed to weaken the movement and has rather injected `` a new lease of life '' in it .
Randhir Singh , 85 , a farmer from Haryana , said , `` We are not terrorists or Khalistanis .
We are fighting for our rights .
Attempts are still being made to defame and weaken us .
( Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff ; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed . )
Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
