Jump to navigation Speak Now The deadlock between protesting farmers and the government over the three farm laws saw the Supreme Court 's intervention on Monday as the top court reprimanded the Centre for failing to resolve the issue .
The SC rapped the Centre over the prolonged impasse with the protesting farmers , saying it was “ extremely disappointed ” with the negotiation process .
During the hearing , the SC also expressed its inclination to stay the implementation of the new farm laws .
The Supreme Court said it will constitute a committee headed by a former Chief Justice of India ( CJI ) to resolve the impasse .
The SC refused to grant extra time to the Centre to explore the possibility of amicable solution , saying it has already given the government a “ long rope ” .
1 .
The Supreme Court on Monday questioned the Centre ’ s vehement opposition to its suggestion that the implementation of three new farm laws be held back for the time being , so as to help find an amicable solution to the ongoing farmers ’ protest against them .
Attorney General KK Venugopal opposed the court ’ s suggestion to stay the laws and said it will be “ drastic ” .
2 .
On staying the farm laws , the bench headed by Chief Justice SA Bobde said , “ We do n't see why there is an insistence on implementation of the law. ” He added , “ We are not experts on economy and you ( Centre ) tell us whether you are going to hold on these laws or we will do this. ” Attorney General KK Venugopal told the bench that a law can not be stayed unless the court finds that it violates fundamental rights or constitutional schemes .
When the Attorney General said that laws can not be stayed in such manner , the bench said , “ We are at this position .
We are sorry to say that you have not been able to solve this problem .
You ( Centre ) have failed to solve the problem and the agitation. ” 3 .
As the AG said the farmers should go before the committee to discuss their grievances against the farm laws and not demand repeal , the CJI-led bench said , “ We are not creating an alternative forum in the committee to protest but for negotiation and resolution . ''
4 .
The SC said it will constitute a committee headed by a former Chief Justice of India to resolve the impasse .
“ Our intention is to see whether we can find an amicable solution to all this .
That is why we had asked you ( Centre ) whether you are willing to keep these laws on hold for sometime .
But you wanted to buy time , ” the bench observed , adding , “ We do n't know whether you are part of the solution or part of the problem ” .
`` Whether you have faith or not , we are the Supreme Court of India , we will do our job , '' the bench told the farmer unions which are protesting against these farm laws .
The Supreme Court will pronounce its order on Tuesday on issues related to the new farm laws and the farmers ' ongoing protest at Delhi borders and may take a call on setting up of a committee headed by a former Chief Justice of India ( CJI ) to find ways to resolve the impasse .
The bench , headed by Chief Justice S A Bobde , indicated during the hearing that it may pass orders in parts on the issues concerning farm laws and farmers ' protest , later uploaded the information on the website .
Also Read | SC raps Centre over farm law standoff , farmers welcome move , but still wary | 10 points Also Read | Farmers ' unions not to appear before SC-appointed panel , blame Centre 's 'stubborn attitude ' for deadlock Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Covid : Why you should take happy hypoxia seriously 'Faulty refrigerator ' spoils 480 doses of Covishield in Rajasthan 's Banswara Pandemic propels Auckland to top of EIU ’ s most liveable cities ranking Ladakh Covid warriors ride JCB machine to cross river , Twitter salutes brave effort Meet The Dominican Who Sings About Mehul Choksi After Jitin Prasada 's exit , now rumblings in Rajasthan Congress Mamata Banerjee meets Rakesh Tikait , extends support to farmers ' protest Exclusive | Barbara Jarabica says Mehul Choksi flirted with her , gifted fake diamond rings , bracelets Uddhav Thackeray meets PM Modi over Maratha quota , GST compensation Nusrat Jahan says marriage with Nikhil Jain not legal in India Congress implodes : First Jyotiraditya Scindia , now Jitin Prasada and next Sachin Pilot ?
World Environment Day : Youngsters Plant Cannabis In Kerala Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
