Jump to navigation Speak Now A high-level meeting of senior officials of the Union Home Ministry is underway in Delhi .
Violence in parts of Delhi-NCR during the Republic Day celebrations on Tuesday is the top agenda of this meeting .
The meeting was attended by Union Home Minister Amit Shah , Home Secretary Ajay Bhalla , Director of the Intelligence Bureau ( IB ) and senior Delhi Police officials .
Paramilitary forces have been instructed to remain alert .
At least 10 companies of the CRPF and another five companies of other paramilitary forces are now being deployed to Nangloi , ITO and Ghazipur in Delhi .
These companies will comprise a total of 1,500 jawans .
As many as three key meetings of senior officials of the Ministry of Home Affairs have been held since morning to discuss the situation developing in Delhi .
A special team formed by the MHA and Delhi Police is taking stock of the situation from officials across Delhi-NCR .
Earlier today , the Union Ministry of Home Affairs ( MHA ) temporarily suspended internet services in parts of the national capital .
Among places where internet services will remain suspended till midnight are Singhu border , Ghazipur border , Tikri border , Mubarka Chowk and Nangloi .
According to the latest inputs , additional force has been deployed at the Red Fort and orders have been issued to close the gate of the complex after dispersing all elements that breached the security cordon .
Chaotic scenes , tensions rise at Delhi 's Nangloi as protesting farmers attempt to breach barricades .
@ aviralhimanshu reports live from the ground. # Farmers # FarmersProtest # FarmLaws # Nangloi # Delhi pic.twitter.com/Rm8nAvgbKf Farmers ' outfits agitating against the Centre 's three new farm laws had planned a tractor parade for Republic Day .
The route of this parade had been cleared with the Delhi Police following detailed consultations .
However , groups of farmers deviated from the route on Tuesday by breaching security barriers .
Some even entered the Red Fort .
Traffic movement blocked due to farmers ' tractor rally , @ gauravcsawant reports live from Delhi 's ITO area # Farmers # FarmersProtest # FarmLaws # TractorRally # Delhi pic.twitter.com/UUqSWvSTlE The Samyukta Kisan Morcha , one of the farmers ' unions spearheading the agitation , has condemned the violence perpetrated by some elements that were part of the tractor parade .
`` Anti-social elements had infiltrated the otherwise peaceful movement , '' the outfit said in a press statement .
For now , all farmers have been asked to return to the protest sites .
Internet services have been snapped in parts of Delhi-NCR including Singhu and Tikri borders .
Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Covid : Why you should take happy hypoxia seriously 'Faulty refrigerator ' spoils 480 doses of Covishield in Rajasthan 's Banswara Pandemic propels Auckland to top of EIU ’ s most liveable cities ranking Ladakh Covid warriors ride JCB machine to cross river , Twitter salutes brave effort Meet The Dominican Who Sings About Mehul Choksi After Jitin Prasada 's exit , now rumblings in Rajasthan Congress Mamata Banerjee meets Rakesh Tikait , extends support to farmers ' protest Exclusive | Barbara Jarabica says Mehul Choksi flirted with her , gifted fake diamond rings , bracelets Uddhav Thackeray meets PM Modi over Maratha quota , GST compensation Nusrat Jahan says marriage with Nikhil Jain not legal in India Congress implodes : First Scindia , now Prasada and next Sachin Pilot ?
World Environment Day : Youngsters Plant Cannabis In Kerala Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
