ANI | Updated : Feb 18 , 2021 05:48 IST New Delhi [ India ] , February 18 ( ANI ) : Farmers ' organisations will hold a nationwide 'rail roko ' program for 4 hours on Thursday as they continue their protest against the central farm laws .
Jagtar Singh Bajwa , spokesperson of the Kisan Andolan Committee , Ghazipur border said they will carry out a peaceful protest during the 'Rail Roko ' program on February 18 from 12 noon to 4 pm.We will offer refreshments to the passengers to avoid inconvenience , he said .
The Samyukta Kisan Morcha ( SKM ) has called for a peaceful protest , expecting to get support for the program from across the country .
`` Appeal to everyone for a peaceful protest in nationwide 'Rail Roko ' program on February 18 from 12 noon to 4 pm , '' it said .
The SKM demanded that the government should resolve the farmers ' issues immediately without any further delay .
`` Samyukt Kisan Morcha took note of the high-level meeting of the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) of JP Nadda with elected party leaders and others from Haryana , UP , Punjab and Rajasthan , along with Cabinet and other Ministers like Amit Shah , Narendra Singh Tomar , Sanjeev Baliyan and others , '' read a release by Darshan Pal of the SKM .
`` It is clear that instead of resolving the ongoing struggle 's demands , BJP is trying its best to counter and destroy it .
SKM condemns this attitude of the ruling party and demands that the government resolve the farmers ' issues immediately without any further delay .
SKM vows that it will intensify the struggle and mobilise more farmers in its support , '' it said .
The SKM also condemned an alleged attack by Vishva Hindu Parishad ( VHP ) `` goons '' on a peaceful protest organised by the All India Krishak Khet Majdoor Sangathan in Muzaffarpur on Wednesday.In view of the protest , Railways has deployed 20 additional companies of the Railway Protection Special Force across the country with a focus on Punjab , Haryana , Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal.Farmers have been protesting at the different borders of the national capital since November last year , against the three newly enacted farm laws - Farmers ' Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation ) Act , 2020 ; the Farmers Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement on Price Assurance and farm Services Act 2020 and the Essential Commodities ( Amendment ) Act , 2020 .
( ANI ) Rail roko Farmers ' protest Samyukta Kisan Morcha SKM Maharashtra govt will amend agricultural laws to protect interests of farmers , says minister Balasaheb Thorat Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 00:02 IST Modi government committed to double farmers ' income : Nadda Updated : Jun 09 , 2021 23:54 IST Kerala BJP to protest against state govt for 'defaming party ' in Kodakara black money case Updated : Jun 09 , 2021 23:06 IST Punjab makes adequate arrangements for paddy season starting tomorrow Updated : Jun 09 , 2021 22:13 IST Mission Punganur project shows commitment of Andhra govt towards local farmers : Animal Husbandry dept director Updated : Jun 09 , 2021 22:13 IST Hyderabad Metro reschedules timings after lockdown extension in Telangana Updated : Jun 09 , 2021 21:31 IST There should be a union of states under federal structure , feels Mamata Banerjee copyrights © aninews.in | All rights Reserved
