Jump to navigation Speak Now The ninth round of talks between the Union government and the farmers , agitating against the three recent farm laws , ended inconclusively on Friday .
The next round of meetings will be held on January 19 .
For close to two months , thousands of farmers have been camping at various Delhi borders , demanding a complete repeal of the farm laws and a legal guarantee for a minimum support price ( MSP ) crop procurement system .
While the farmers have remained adamant on their demands , the government has held its ground , leading to nine rounds of talks without a conclusion .
Follow LIVE Updates The latest , ninth , round of talks between the government officials and the farmers was held on Friday at Vigyan Bhavan in Delhi .
During the meeting , the farmer unions continued to press for the repeal of the farm laws , sources told India Today TV .
They also registered their protest against cases against farmers in Karnal following the incident before Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattars rally , they said .
The farmers also raised concern regarding the alleged police crackdown against those directly or indirectly supporting farmers ' protest , the sources said .
`` The government is bent on harassing the people involved in the movement , instead of listening to the demand of the farmers .
The social workers who are sending buses to Delhi or providing financial help to the martyred farmers are being harassed repeatedly in the name of the investigation by the NIA - National Investigation Agency .
We oppose this mental abuse and we warn the central government to create a good environment for the discussions with farmers , '' Samyukta Kisan Morcha , the united front of 40 farm unions , said in a statement after the meeting .
According to sources , Union minister Narendra Singh Tomar told the farmers that while the government has accepted most of their demands , it is the farmers who are stuck and are not moving ahead to break the deadlock between the two over farm laws .
Narendra Singh Tomar said , `` I did not want to say it but the farmers have been telling media persons that we are firm on farm laws but we have accepted most of your demands but the farmers are stuck on their stand .
Farmers are not even taking a step forward . ''
Speaking to the media after the meeting , Tomar said that the talks were inconclusive but cordial .
`` We hope discussions would continue .
The government offered that the farmers can form an informal group among themselves and submit a proposal on what they want , '' he said .
The government will present its side before the committee constituted by the Supreme Court when asked : Union Agriculture Minister Narendra Singh Tomar https : //t.co/o1g6sWWiqw While the two sides did not reach a consensus during the meeting , they agreed to continue the direct dialogue , even as a Supreme Court-appointed panel on farm laws was likely to start its meeting from January 19 .
On January 12 , the Supreme Court had put the three contentious farm laws on hold and had appointed a four-member committee to resolve the issues .
Farmer leader Rakesh Tikait said that farmers ' organisations told the government in the meeting that they will not accept the committee constituted by the Supreme Court .
`` Farmers ' organisations and the government have decided that the talks would continue and they would find a solution by negotiation , '' Tikait said .
On the other hand , Union minister Narendra Singh Tomar said that the government is open to talks as well as presenting its case in front of the SC-appointed committee .
BJP , SAD attack Rahul Gandhi Congress leader Rahul Gandhi came under attack from both the Bharatiya Janata Party and Shrimoni Akali Dal for taking out a rally in support of agitating farmers .
While former allies BJP and SAD are on the opposite sides of this battle , they both slammed Rahul Gandhi for their respective reasons .
BJP attacked Rahul Gandhi saying that Congress had promised similar farm laws in its 2019 manifesto .
`` Congress party laughs at Rahul Gandhi 's statements and actions , it mocks at him .
I would like to tell him that in their 2019 election manifesto , Congress had promised that they will bring this reform .
If he does n't remember , he should read the manifesto again , '' Union minister Narendra Singh Tomar said .
`` If it is mentioned in the manifesto , then Rahul Gandhi and Sonia Gandhi should appear before the media and accept that they were either lying at that time or are lying now , '' he said .
Meanwhile , SAD leader Harsimrat Kaur Badal attacked Rahul Gandhi for shedding 'crocodile 's tears ' for Punjab farmers .
`` Before doing PC & crying croc tears at why Pbis being called Khalistanis , you @ RahulGandhi should tell why ur grandmother used same words for Pbis , why your father got them slaughtered & why you labelled them as drug addicts ?
Once u come up with ans then only talk abt Pb farmers , '' Harsimrat Kaur Badal said in a tweet .
Before doing PC & crying croc tears at why Pbis being called Khalistanis , you @ RahulGandhi should tell why ur grandmother used same words for Pbis , why your father got them slaughtered & why you labelled them as drug addicts ?
Once u come up with ans then only talk abt Pb farmers .
Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Covid : Why you should take happy hypoxia seriously 'Faulty refrigerator ' spoils 480 doses of Covishield in Rajasthan 's Banswara Pandemic propels Auckland to top of EIU ’ s most liveable cities ranking Ladakh Covid warriors ride JCB machine to cross river , Twitter salutes brave effort Meet The Dominican Who Sings About Mehul Choksi After Jitin Prasada 's exit , now rumblings in Rajasthan Congress Mamata Banerjee meets Rakesh Tikait , extends support to farmers ' protest Exclusive | Barbara Jarabica says Mehul Choksi flirted with her , gifted fake diamond rings , bracelets Uddhav Thackeray meets PM Modi over Maratha quota , GST compensation Nusrat Jahan says marriage with Nikhil Jain not legal in India Congress implodes : First Scindia , now Prasada and next Sachin Pilot ?
World Environment Day : Youngsters Plant Cannabis In Kerala Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
