Topics Farmers protests | Parliament Press Trust of India | Sheopur ( MP ) Last Updated at March 8 , 2021 23:46 IST https : //mybs.in/2Zcll4a Bharatiya Kisan Union ( BKU ) leader Rakesh Singh Tikait on Monday said that lakhs of farmers in their tractors wouldreach Parliament to seek repeal of the three new farm laws if needed .
Tikait , one of the prominent leaders of farmer unions which are protesting against the Centre 's new laws on Delhi borders , addressed a huge rally here.document.write ( `` < ! -- '' ) ; if ( isUserBanner== '' free '' & & ( displayConBanner==1 ) ) document.write ( `` -- > '' ) ; googletag.cmd.push ( function ( ) { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot ( '/6516239/outofpage_1x1_desktop ' , 'div-gpt-ad-1490771277198-0 ' ) .addService ( googletag.pubads ( ) ) ; googletag.pubads ( ) .enableSyncRendering ( ) ; googletag.enableServices ( ) ; } ) ; '' If needed , we , on lakhs of tractors will reach Parliament to press for the repeal of the three black laws .
3,500 tractors entered Delhi on Republic Day .
These were not hired tractors , '' he said .
Without naming local BJP leader and Union agriculture minister Narendra Singh Tomar , Tikait said he was powerless .
`` The leader you all have chosen has no power .
He ca n't reply to us on his own .
He gets back with files and returns with replies , '' the BKU leader said at Sheopur Krishi Mandi .
Tikait would be addressing rallies at Rewa and Jabalpur in the state on March 14 and March 15 , respectively , MP BKU general secretary Anil Yadav had said earlier .
( Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff ; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed . )
Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
