Topics farmers ' protest | Indian Farmers | Farm Bills Press Trust of India | New Delhi Last Updated at December 7 , 2020 13:31 IST https : //mybs.in/2YSYLE0 Thousands of farmers protesting against the Centre 's new agri laws for the past 11 days here have called on people to join their 'Bharat Bandh ' on Tuesday in large numbers , as police increased deployment at various Delhi border points .
Farmer leaders also welcomed the support of political parties to the nationwide strike against the laws and demanded that the legislations be repealed.document.write ( `` < ! -- '' ) ; if ( isUserBanner== '' free '' & & ( displayConBanner==1 ) ) document.write ( `` -- > '' ) ; googletag.cmd.push ( function ( ) { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot ( '/6516239/outofpage_1x1_desktop ' , 'div-gpt-ad-1490771277198-0 ' ) .addService ( googletag.pubads ( ) ) ; googletag.pubads ( ) .enableSyncRendering ( ) ; googletag.enableServices ( ) ; } ) ; The Congress , Aam Aadmi Party , Samajwadi Party , Bahujan Samaj Party , Nationalist Congress Party , CPI ( M ) and DMK are among the political parties that are backing the day-long strike .
The Delhi Police has increased deployment and security arrangements on Delhi 's borders with Haryana and Uttar Pradesh as a precautionary measure .
Farmers have threatened to intensify their agitation and block more roads leading to the national capital if the government did not accept their demand .
Talks between the government and protesting farmer unions so far have been futile and the sixth round of discussions is scheduled to be held on Wednesday .
The Delhi Traffic Police on Monday tweeted about the closure of the Singhu , Auchandi , Piao Maniyari and Mangesh borders .
The Tikri and Jharoda borders are also closed , it said .
The National Highway-44 ( NH-44 ) has also been closed on both sides .
So those travelling are suggested to take alternative routes through Lampur , Safiabad and Saboli borders.Traffic has also been diverted from Mukarba and GTK road , traffic police said .
Those travelling towards Noida have been advised to take DND as the Chilla border on the Noida link road too is closed for traffic movement , it said .
`` The Chilla border on the Noida link road is closed for traffic from Noida to Delhi due to farmers ' protests near Gautam Budh Dwar .
People are advised to avoid the Noida link road for coming to Delhi and use DND , '' the traffic police said on Twitter .
The Gazipur border on NH-24 is also closed for traffic from Gaziabad to Delhi .
`` People are advised to avoid NH-24 for coming to Delhi and use Apsara/ Bhopra/DND for coming to Delhi , '' it added .
However , the Badusarai border is open only for light motor vehicles like cars and two wheelers and Jhatikara border is open only for two wheeler traffic , police said .
They said those travelling to Haryana can take Dhansa , Daurala , Kapashera , Rajokri NH-8 , Bijwasan or Bajghera , Palam Vihar and Dundahera borders .
( Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff ; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed . )
Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
