ANI | Updated : Dec 09 , 2020 12:35 IST New Delhi [ India ] , December 9 ( ANI ) : Asserting that the ongoing farmers ' protest is in favour of neither the country nor Punjab , Som Prakash , Minister of State for Commerce and Industry , on Wednesday said they should end the agitation and accept the Centre 's proposal `` if most of their demands are met '' .
`` The ongoing farmers ' protest is in favour of neither the country nor Punjab .
On Tuesday , the Centre listened to their demands in detail , based on which a proposal with all possible amendments will be sent to the farmers for deliberation .
Yesterday , Union minister Amit Shah , along with others , met a delegation of farmers for the sixth time .
After that , they will tell us their future course of action .
We have already done five rounds of meetings with the farmers , '' said Prakash .
`` If most of their demands are considered by the Centre then they should conclude the agitation , '' he added .
Earlier today , Rakesh Tikait , spokesperson of the Bhartiya Kisan Union , said that the farmer unions will hold a meeting over the draft that will be sent by the Centre , and hoped that the farmers ' future course of action will be clear by 4.00 pm to 5.00 pm today .
`` We 'll hold a meeting over the draft that will be sent by the Centre .
The sixth round of talks with the government , which was scheduled for today , remains cancelled .
The Union government wants to send us a draft of their proposal and wants us to look at it .
We will decide our further course of action after looking at the draft and discussing it among ourselves .
We hope things will be clear by 4.00 pm to 5.00 pm today , '' said Tikait at Gzaipur border.On Tuesday , leaders of farmer unions held a meeting with Union Home Minister Amit Shah , Agriculture Minister Narendra Singh Tomar , and Commerce Minister Piyush Goyal at Shah 's residence , over their demands regarding the three agricultural laws that were passed earlier in September.The farmers are protesting against The Farmers ' Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation ) Act , 2020 , The Farmers ( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Act , 2020 , and The Essential Commodities ( Amendment ) Act , 2020 .
( ANI ) Som Prakash farmers ' protest Amit Shah Andhra CM to meet Union Ministers , discuss Polavaram project , other issues Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 00:02 IST Maharashtra govt will amend agricultural laws to protect interests of farmers , says minister Balasaheb Thorat Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 00:02 IST Modi government committed to double farmers ' income : Nadda Updated : Jun 09 , 2021 23:54 IST Kerala BJP to protest against state govt for 'defaming party ' in Kodakara black money case Updated : Jun 09 , 2021 23:06 IST Punjab makes adequate arrangements for paddy season starting tomorrow Updated : Jun 09 , 2021 22:43 IST Suvendu meets Shah for 2nd time in two days to discuss Bengal post-poll violence Updated : Jun 09 , 2021 22:13 IST Mission Punganur project shows commitment of Andhra govt towards local farmers : Animal Husbandry dept director copyrights © aninews.in | All rights Reserved
