Topics Farmers protests | Indian Farmers | Farm Bills ANI Last Updated at November 30 , 2020 10:43 IST https : //mybs.in/2YRwgGL Tikri and Singhu borders have been closed for any traffic movement as the farmers continue their protest against the Centre 's farm laws , said Delhi Traffic Police on Monday .
`` Tikri border is closed for any traffic movement .
Available open borders to Haryana are following -- Borders Jharoda , Dhansa , Daurala Jhatikera , Badusari , Kapashera , Rajokri NH 8 , Bijwasan/Bajghera , Palam vihar and Dundahera borders , '' Delhi Traffic Police tweeted.document.write ( `` < ! -- '' ) ; if ( isUserBanner== '' free '' & & ( displayConBanner==1 ) ) document.write ( `` -- > '' ) ; googletag.cmd.push ( function ( ) { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot ( '/6516239/outofpage_1x1_desktop ' , 'div-gpt-ad-1490771277198-0 ' ) .addService ( googletag.pubads ( ) ) ; googletag.pubads ( ) .enableSyncRendering ( ) ; googletag.enableServices ( ) ; } ) ; The traffic police has also urged people to take an alternate route as the Singhu border is still closed from both sides .
`` Singhu Border is still closed from both sides .
Please take an alternate route .
Traffic has been diverted from Mukarba Chowk and GTK road .
Traffic is very very heavy .
Please avoid outer ring road from the signature bridge to Rohini and vice versa , GTK Road , NH 44 and Singhu borders , '' Delhi Traffic Police said in another tweet .
Meanwhile , Union Ministers Amit Shah and Narendra Singh Tomar held a meeting at BJP chief JP Nadda 's residence on late Sunday night to discuss the ongoing farmers ' protests , sources said .
Farmers have been protesting at various places in Delhi and Haryana and have rejected the central government 's offer to hold talks on December 3 saying that imposing conditions for starting a dialogue is an insult to them .
Around 32 farmer organisations , mostly from Punjab , and a few farmers from Gujarat and Maharashtra as well managed to reach Delhi on Friday and assembled at the border areas to continue their protest .
The farmers are protesting against The Farmers ' Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation ) Act , 2020 , The Farmers ( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Act , 2020 , and The Essential Commodities ( Amendment ) Act , 2020 .
Union Agriculture Minister Narendra Singh Tomar has said that the Central government is ready for talks with the farmers ' unions on December 3. Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
