Topics Ashok Gehlot | Farmers protests | Farm Bills ANI Last Updated at December 31 , 2020 06:38 IST https : //mybs.in/2YSjRmW Rajasthan Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot on Wednesday slammed the BJP-led central government for not resolving the issue of agitating farmers and said that farmers are forced to welcome New Year out on roads , away from their homes .
`` As 2020 is about to end and we are entering into New Year , the entire nation was waiting for a fruitful outcome of talks today between central government and farmers so that the agitating farmers could return to their homes to celebrate the New Year with their families happily , '' he tweeted.document.write ( `` < ! -- '' ) ; if ( isUserBanner== '' free '' & & ( displayConBanner==1 ) ) document.write ( `` -- > '' ) ; googletag.cmd.push ( function ( ) { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot ( '/6516239/outofpage_1x1_desktop ' , 'div-gpt-ad-1490771277198-0 ' ) .addService ( googletag.pubads ( ) ) ; googletag.pubads ( ) .enableSyncRendering ( ) ; googletag.enableServices ( ) ; } ) ; '' Unfortunately , the government did n't relent and the only outcome is another round of talks on January 4 .
It is sad that our farmer brothers and sisters , who are protesting would welcome New Year out on roads and away from homes .
A sensitive , responsive govt would never let this happen ! ''
Gehlot said in another tweet .
Earlier in the day , Ministers of Rajasthan Cabinet held a meeting at Chief Minister 's residence where it was decided that Pradesh Congress Committee will organise sit-in on January 3 , 2021to express solidarity with the protesting farmers .
Rajasthan Congress will also launch a week-long campaign called 'Kisan Bachao- Desh Bachao ' of January 5 , 2021 , under which ministers , legislators , public representatives , and party workers will go from village to village demanding to repeal of the three agriculture laws .
At the conclusion of the seventh round of talks held in Delhi on Wednesday , the Union Agriculture Minister Narendra Singh Tomar stated that the next meeting will now be held on January 4 .
`` Today 's talks were held in a very good environment and it concluded on a positive note .
Consensus on two out of four issues was reached between both sides , '' Tomar said while speaking to media after the conclusion meeting .
`` Considering the chilly weather in Delhi , I have requested the farmer leaders to send home the elderly , women , and children .
The next round of talks will be held on January 4 , '' Tomar has said .
`` The first issue was an ordinance related to the Environment .
Unions were apprehensive about farmers being included along with stubble ones .
Both sides agreed to farmers ' exclusion , '' Union Minister said further .
Farmers have been protesting at different borders of the national capital since November 26 against the three newly enacted farm laws - Farmers ' Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation ) Act , 2020 , the Farmers ( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Act , 2020 , and the Essential Commodities ( Amendment ) Act , 2020 .
( Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff ; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed . )
Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
