Jump to navigation Speak Now Many Haryana-based farmer groups on Saturday met Union Agriculture Minister Narendra Tomar and expressed support for the new farm laws but said they also want certain sections of the legislations to be amended .
A delegation of farmers and farmer union representatives from Haryana met Union minister Tomar in Delhi and expressed support to the Centre 's farm laws in a letter and appealed to not withdraw the laws , even if amendments are made .
`` We , the farmers of Haryana who are connected to Farmers Producer Organisation ( FPO ) and progressive farmers are in favour of continuing three farm laws -- Farmer 's Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation ) Act , 2020 , the Farmer ( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement of Price Assurance and Farm Services Act , 2020 and the Essential Commodities ( Amendment ) Act , 2020 -- with proposed modifications , '' the letter said .
In the letter adressed to the government , the farmers said they were in favour of farmers ' unions call for continuing of MSP and mandi system .
`` But , we request you to continue these laws with proposed modifications .
We request you to heed our concerns , '' the letter said .
This is the first time amid ongoing agitation by farmers that a group of farmers have come out to support the new farm laws .
On Saturday , agitating farmers picketed highway toll plazas in Haryana , Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan and claimed thousands more will soon arrive on Delhi 's borders to intensify their stir against the Centre 's new agri laws , even as Prime Minister Narendra Modi again asserted that these reforms will help increase the income of cultivators .
Farmer leaders said major highways linking the national capital will be blocked from Sunday and they will sit on a hunger strike on December 14 , when they have called for a nationwide protest .
While both the Centre and farmer unions have said that they are open to talks after the cancellation of the meeting on December 9 , there were voices of mutual recrimination as the farmers ' protest continued on the 17th day with no sign of end to the deadlock .
ALSO READ | Farmers threaten to intensify agitation as Centre calls for early meeting with leaders | 10 points Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Covid : Why you should take happy hypoxia seriously 'Faulty refrigerator ' spoils 480 doses of Covishield in Rajasthan 's Banswara Pandemic propels Auckland to top of EIU ’ s most liveable cities ranking Ladakh Covid warriors ride JCB machine to cross river , Twitter salutes brave effort Meet The Dominican Who Sings About Mehul Choksi After Jitin Prasada 's exit , now rumblings in Rajasthan Congress Mamata Banerjee meets Rakesh Tikait , extends support to farmers ' protest Exclusive | Barbara Jarabica says Mehul Choksi flirted with her , gifted fake diamond rings , bracelets Uddhav Thackeray meets PM Modi over Maratha quota , GST compensation Nusrat Jahan says marriage with Nikhil Jain not legal in India Congress implodes : First Scindia , now Prasada and next Sachin Pilot ?
World Environment Day : Youngsters Plant Cannabis In Kerala Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
