Topics Supreme Court | Sukhbir Singh Badal | Farm Bills Press Trust of India | Nawanshahr ( Pb ) Last Updated at January 19 , 2021 23:44 IST https : //mybs.in/2ZbKH6K Shiromani Akali Dal chief Sukhbir Singh Badal on Tuesday claimed the Supreme Court-appointed committee could not play any constructive role in resolving the deadlock between the farmers and the Centre following the latter 's refusal to accept peasants ' demand of repealing the farm laws .
He also said that 'kisan shakti ' had the power to `` wipe out '' the BJP.document.write ( `` < ! -- '' ) ; if ( isUserBanner== '' free '' & & ( displayConBanner==1 ) ) document.write ( `` -- > '' ) ; googletag.cmd.push ( function ( ) { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot ( '/6516239/outofpage_1x1_desktop ' , 'div-gpt-ad-1490771277198-0 ' ) .addService ( googletag.pubads ( ) ) ; googletag.pubads ( ) .enableSyncRendering ( ) ; googletag.enableServices ( ) ; } ) ; Badal was speaking to the media after holding ward-level meetings in Nawanshahr , Banga and Phagwara .
The committee formed by the apex court could not play any constructive role in resolving the crisis following the central government 's refusal to repeal the three agricultural laws , he said .
Notably , the Supreme Court had set up the four-member panel on January 11 to look into the contentious three farm laws , against which thousands are protesting at Delhi borders for almost two months now .
But one of the members , Bhupinder Singh Mann , later backed out of the panel .
The SAD would utilise the forthcoming parliamentary session to hold meetings with like-minded parties to work towards restoration of the federal structure in the country , Badal said .
He also asked the BJP government not to use the National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) against farmer leaders , saying the NIA was used to counter terrorism and should not be misused .
Badal said the Congress legislators and officers who were discriminating against the opposition and even getting false cases registered against them would have to face the music once the SAD comes to power in 2022 .
We will form a judicial commission once we assume power and ask it to submit a report on all false cases registered by officers within three months .
Prompt action will be taken against such officers , he added .
( Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff ; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed . )
Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
