Jump to navigation Speak Now As the farmers continue to protest against the three farm laws , Prime Minister Narendra Modi endorsed the provisions taken for the agriculture sector in Budget 2021-22 and reiterated that the government was working for the small and medium-level farmers .
PM Modi also said without the small and medium-level farmers , `` India can not grow '' .
`` Without them [ small and medium-level farmers ] , we can not expect to grow , '' PM Narendra Modi said , adding that the plan is to connect 1,000 more mandis to e-NAM .
Listing the steps taken for the agriculture sector in the Union Budget , PM Narendra Modi said the government has increased the agriculture credit target to Rs 16.50 lakh crore and infrastructure fund to Rs 40,000 crore .
He said the micro-irrigation fund has also been doubled .
`` The government has increased agriculture credit target to Rs 16.50 lakh crore - animal husbandry , dairying and fisheries sectors have been given priority .
Rural infrastructure fund raised to Rs 40,000 crore .
Micro-irrigation fund doubled , '' PM Narendra Modi said .
Govt has increased agriculture credit target to Rs 16.50 lakh cr - animal husbandry , dairying & fisheries sectors have been given priority .
Rural infrastructure fund raised to Rs 40,000 cr .
Micro-irrigation fund doubled : PM speaks on steps taken for agriculture in Budget 2021-22 pic.twitter.com/HXLft9m1qU PM Narendra Modi also took a dig at the previous governments , saying the food processing revolution should have been done two-three decades ago .
`` India of 21st century needs post-harvest or food processing revolution and value addition amid increasing agriculture production .
It would have been good for the country had this been done 2-3 decades back , '' PM Narendra Modi said .
PM Modi said India has to increase the number of agro-industries clusters near the villages so that the people in the village can get employment .
Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Catch them if you can : What 's the status of India 's top 7 fugitives Federer , Djokovic , Nadal , in same half of French Open field Serious vaccine mismanagement or pandemic politics on vaccination ?
James Bond films to continue releasing in theatres despite Amazon deal Steady decline in new Covid-19 cases : Health ministry Meet the principal who collected Rs 40 lakh to pay fees for her students Vaccine shortage : War of words between states and Centre escalates Multisystem inflammatory syndrome hits children post Covid-19 | Explained Sagar Rana Murder Case : How Sushil Kumar Was Arrested Watch | Sushant Singh Rajput 's friend Sidharth Pithani arrested in drugs probe Cyclone Yaas | PM Modi holds review meeting with Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik Watch | 'Mehul Choksi was tortured , abducted , ' alleges his lawyer Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
