the fully loaded magazine Intensifying their agitation against the Centre 's new agri laws , farmers on Sunday announced that they will observe a day-long relay hunger strike on Monday at all sites of protest and halt toll collection on highways in Haryana from December 25 to 27 .
Thousands of farmers , mainly from Punjab and Haryana , are protesting against the laws for the last over four weeks at various border points of Delhi and demanding that the legislations be repealed .
`` Farmers will begin a day-long relay hunger strike on Monday at all sites of protest against the new agri laws .
It will be started by a team of 11 members at protests sites here , including the Singhu border , '' Swaraj India Chief Yogendra Yadav said and added that `` we appeal to everyone at all protest sites across the nation to participate in the same '' .
`` Protesters are being threatened by the Haryana government .
This is against the direction of the Supreme Court .
I urge them to stop harassing farmers from tomorrow , '' he said at a press conference at the Delhi-Haryana Singhu border .
The Supreme Court on Thursday had said that the farmers ' agitation should be allowed to continue `` without impediment '' and this court will not `` interfere '' with it as the right to protest is a fundamental right .
It had also put a sole caveat that there should not be any breach of peace either by farmers or police .
While announcing the next move by protesting farmers after their hunger strike , farmer leader Jagjeet Singh Dalewala said farmers will halt toll collection on highways in Haryana from December 25 to 27 .
`` From December 25 to 27 all toll booths in Haryana will not be allowed by us to collect toll , we will halt them from doing so .
On December 27 , our Prime Minister will say his 'Mann ki baat ' and we want to appeal to people to beat 'thalis ' during his address , '' the Bharatiya Kisan Union ( BKU ) leader said at the press conference .
The `` Mann Ki Baat '' is Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's monthly radio address to the nation .
Farmer leader and senior BKU member Rakesh Tikait , who was also part of the press conference , said that farmers protesting the new agri laws will celebrate Kisan Diwas on December 23 and `` we request people to not cook lunch for a day '' .
Earlier in the day , the protesting agriculturists paid tributes to farmers who died during the agitation and also lit candles in their memory .
The All India Kisan Sangharsh Coordination Committee ( AIKSCC ) also wrote to various traders ' unions requesting their support to the ongoing farmers ' agitation .
Farmers are protesting against the Farmers ( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement of Price Assurance and Farm Services Act , 2020 , the Farmers Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation ) Act , 2020 , and The Essential Commodities ( Amendment ) Act , 2020 .
The three farm laws , enacted in September , have been projected by the government as major reforms in the agriculture sector that will remove middlemen and allow farmers to sell anywhere in the country .
However , the protesting farmers have expressed apprehension that the new laws would pave the way for eliminating the safety cushion of Minimum Support Price and do away with the mandis , leaving them at the mercy of big corporates .
The Centre has repeatedly asserted that these mechanisms will remain .
Subscribe to Outlook ’ s Newsletter Nadda Convoy Attack : Mamata Thanks CMs For Backing Her On IPS Officers ' Transfer Issue Heavy Rains Lash Mumbai ; Streets , Rail Tracks Flooded Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed , 18 Injured As Residential Building Collapses Delhi ’ s Draft Master Plan 2041 Focuses On Environment , Economy , Mobility And Heritage Govt Issues Guidelines On Covid Management In Children , Here Are The Recommendations Road To Delhi Starts From UP ‘ BJP Will Come Back To Power In UP… The Party Will Keep Coming Back ’ To Make Tea , Add Water Lakshadweep Isn ’ t Maldives Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed in Residential Building Collapse Farmers ' Protest And Covid : Under The Anxious Summer Sky Jitin Prasada Joins BJP : Bad Optics For Congress , But Jitin Is No Jyotiraditya Battle For UP : Can A Divided , Dithering Opposition Challenge Yogi ?
BJP ’ s Karnataka Conundrum : If Not Yediyurappa , Then Who ?
'Ring Of Fire ' On June 10 : India To Miss Out On Celestial Event How Can You Identify Brain Tumor Early ?
How Much Would You Pay For A Kidney ?
Himachal ’ s Covid Infection Rate Drops To 5.3 % ; CM Apprises Amit Shah Of Situation French Open : Coco Gauff Makes Breakthrough In Paris At 17 ENG Vs NZ , 1st Test : Dom Sibley Stands Firm A England Dig In For Drab Draw Nutrition in COVID-19 times The Body Says What Words Can not : Dancing Docs Cheer Himachal Patients Up Save Food- Feed India Cricket Is All About Risk Management : Jos Buttler After First IPL Century If you are not a subscriber ?
Sign Up If you are a existing subscriber ?
Sign In OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below
