Topics Farmer protest | farmer protests | TMC Press Trust of India | New Delhi Last Updated at May 23 , 2021 19:13 IST https : //mybs.in/2ZeRJ3c Twelve major opposition parties have extended their support to the call given by the Samyukta Kisan Morcha to observe countrywide protest on May 26 , marking six months of the farmers protest at Delhi borders against the Centre 's farm laws .
The joint statement has been signed by Sonia Gandhi ( Congress ) , H D Deve Gowda ( JD-S ) , Sharad Pawar ( NCP ) , Mamata Banerjee ( TMC ) , Uddhav Thackeray ( SS ) , M K Stalin ( DMK ) , Hemant Soren ( JMM ) , Farooq Abdullah ( JKPA ) , Akhilesh Yadav ( SP ) , Tejaswi Yadav ( RJD ) , D Raja ( CPI ) and Sitaram Yechury ( CPI-M ) .document.write ( `` < ! -- '' ) ; if ( isUserBanner== '' free '' & & ( displayConBanner==1 ) ) document.write ( `` -- > '' ) ; googletag.cmd.push ( function ( ) { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot ( '/6516239/outofpage_1x1_desktop ' , 'div-gpt-ad-1490771277198-0 ' ) .addService ( googletag.pubads ( ) ) ; googletag.pubads ( ) .enableSyncRendering ( ) ; googletag.enableServices ( ) ; } ) ; On May 12 , we had jointly written to Prime Minister Modi saying the following : Repeal farm laws to protect lakhs of our annadatas becoming victims of the pandemic so that they can continue to produce food to feed the Indian people .
We demand the immediate repeal of the farm laws and the legal entitlement to the Minimum Support Price ( MSP ) of C2+50 per cent as recommended by the Swaminathan Commission , the joint statement said .
It also said that the Central Government must stop being obdurate and immediately resume talks with the SKM on these lines .
( Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff ; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed . )
Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
