Topics Anna Hazare | Hunger strike | Farmer protest Press Trust of India | Pune Last Updated at January 14 , 2021 21:47 IST https : //mybs.in/2ZbHw9O Activist Anna Hazare on Thursday wrote a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and reiterated his decision to launch `` the last hunger strike '' of his life on farmers ' issues in Delhi by January end .
The letter comes even as famrer unions are agitating on Delhi borders against the Centre 's new farm laws.document.write ( `` < ! -- '' ) ; if ( isUserBanner== '' free '' & & ( displayConBanner==1 ) ) document.write ( `` -- > '' ) ; googletag.cmd.push ( function ( ) { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot ( '/6516239/outofpage_1x1_desktop ' , 'div-gpt-ad-1490771277198-0 ' ) .addService ( googletag.pubads ( ) ) ; googletag.pubads ( ) .enableSyncRendering ( ) ; googletag.enableServices ( ) ; } ) ; He will stage the fast by month-end , 83-year-old Hazare said , without specifying the date .
On December 14 , Hazare had written to Union Agriculture Minister Narendra Singh Tomar , warning of a hunger strike if his demands including the implementation of the M S Swaminathan Committee 's recommendations on agriculture were not fulfilled .
Another demand made by him was grant of autonomy to the Commission for Agricultural Costs and Prices .
`` On the issue of farmers , I have had correspondence ( with the Centre ) five times , however , no response came .
`` As a result , I have decided to go on the last hunger strike of my life , '' said Hazare in his missive to the prime minister .
He wrote four letters to the concerned authority to seek permission to stage his hunger strike at the Ramlila Maidan in Delhi but no response came from their side too , he said .
Hazare , who was in the forefront of anti-corruption movement in 2011 , reminded that when he went on a hunger strike at the Ramlila Maidan , the then UPA government had called a special session of Parliament .
`` In that session , you and your senior ministers ( leaders of the BJP , which was then in opposition at the Centre ) had praised me , but now despite giving written assurances over the demands , you are not fulfilling them , '' he said .
He was enclosing a video of opposition MPs praising him in Parliament then , Hazare said .
( Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff ; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed . )
Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
