Topics Farmers protests | Indian Farmers | Farm Bills ANI Last Updated at January 4 , 2021 12:22 IST https : //mybs.in/2ZbDK68 As the farmers ' protest at the borders of the national capital against Centre 's farm laws on Monday entered its 39th day on Monday , a group of Buddhist monks from Lucknow also lent their support to the cause .
The monks set up camp at the Gazipur ( Delhi-Uttar Pradesh ) border and have vowed not to go back till the farm laws are taken backdocument.write ( `` < ! -- '' ) ; if ( isUserBanner== '' free '' & & ( displayConBanner==1 ) ) document.write ( `` -- > '' ) ; googletag.cmd.push ( function ( ) { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot ( '/6516239/outofpage_1x1_desktop ' , 'div-gpt-ad-1490771277198-0 ' ) .addService ( googletag.pubads ( ) ) ; googletag.pubads ( ) .enableSyncRendering ( ) ; googletag.enableServices ( ) ; } ) ; '' We have left our temples in Lucknow to join the farmers in their protest against the three laws .
We have taken an oath not to leave till the farmers get what they are fighting for - the repeal of the three black laws , '' a monk told ANI .
The Central government is scheduled to hold the next round of talks with the leaders of farmer unions today .
Despite waterlogging caused by rains and the ongoing cold wave across North India , the agitating farmers have reiterated that they would not relent till their demands are fulfilled .
So far , several rounds of talks have been held between the Central government and the farmer unions .
Farmers have been protesting at different borders of the national capital for over a month against the Farmers ' Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation ) Act , 2020 , the Farmers ( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Act , 2020 , and the Essential Commodities ( Amendment ) Act , 2020 .
( Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff ; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed . )
Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
