the fully loaded magazine Protesting farmers continued to vandalise scores of telecom towers in Punjab , ignoring the state government ’ s announcement that it will launch a crackdown against those indulging in such acts of violence .
Power supply to towers belonging to Reliance Jio was snapped and cables cut in many parts of the state .
Many sections of the protesting farmers believe that billionaire Mukesh Ambani and telecom tycoon Gautam Adani are the major beneficiaries of the three new farm laws .
Interestingly , neither Ambani 's Reliance group nor Adani 's companies are in the business of procuring food grains from farmers .
Sources with knowledge of the matter said as many as 63 towers were damaged on Tuesday .
Jio repaired some of the towers that were damaged over the past few days , they said , adding 826 sites were down as of Tuesday afternoon .
The incidents occurred in Amritsar , Bhatinda , Chandigarh , Firozpur , Jalandhar , Ludhiana , Pathankot , Patiala and Sangrur , sources further said .
Jio has 9,000 plus towers in the state .
On Monday , Chief Minister Amarinder Singh asked police to take action against all vandalisers .
The `` use of violence could alienate the protesters from the masses , which would be detrimental to the interests of the farming community , '' he had said in a statement .
Asserting that he will not let Punjab plunge into anarchy and nobody can be allowed to take the law into their hands , the chief minister had said he has been forced to toughen his stance as his repeated appeals to perpetrators of such acts has fallen on deaf ears .
Industry body Cellular Operators ' Association of India ( COAI ) `` strongly condemned '' the sabotaging of the telecom network infrastructure and disruption of services as a form of protest .
Terming telecom services as a `` lifeline '' for lakhs of customers , COAI 's Director-General SP Kochhar said disruption of telecom services is causing immense inconvenience to the common man , for whom mobile services are `` essential '' .
`` While we respect people 's right to protest on any issue , sabotaging the telecom network infrastructure and disrupting telecom services as a form of protest by anyone is strongly condemned , '' COAI said in a statement .
Apex industry body Cellular Operators ' Association of India ( COAI ) members include Reliance Jio , Bharti Airtel and Vodafone Idea .
Hundreds of farmers have been protesting at Delhi ’ s borders for over a month now against the three farm laws , which they believe would end the minimum support price ( MSP ) based procurement of farm produce like wheat and paddy .
The government has denied the apprehensions , saying MSP will continue and the new laws only provide farmers an alternative market to sell their produce .
Talks to break the deadlock are scheduled for Wednesday .
Subscribe to Outlook ’ s Newsletter Covaxin Will Work Against New Coronavirus Strain : Bharat Biotech Heavy Rains Lash Mumbai ; Streets , Rail Tracks Flooded Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed , 18 Injured As Residential Building Collapses Delhi ’ s Draft Master Plan 2041 Focuses On Environment , Economy , Mobility And Heritage Govt Issues Guidelines On Covid Management In Children , Here Are The Recommendations Road To Delhi Starts From UP ‘ BJP Will Come Back To Power In UP… The Party Will Keep Coming Back ’ To Make Tea , Add Water Lakshadweep Isn ’ t Maldives Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed in Residential Building Collapse Farmers ' Protest And Covid : Under The Anxious Summer Sky Jitin Prasada Joins BJP : Bad Optics For Congress , But Jitin Is No Jyotiraditya Battle For UP : Can A Divided , Dithering Opposition Challenge Yogi ?
BJP ’ s Karnataka Conundrum : If Not Yediyurappa , Then Who ?
'Ring Of Fire ' On June 10 : India To Miss Out On Celestial Event How Can You Identify Brain Tumor Early ?
How Much Would You Pay For A Kidney ?
Himachal ’ s Covid Infection Rate Drops To 5.3 % ; CM Apprises Amit Shah Of Situation French Open : Coco Gauff Makes Breakthrough In Paris At 17 ENG Vs NZ , 1st Test : Dom Sibley Stands Firm A England Dig In For Drab Draw Nutrition in COVID-19 times The Body Says What Words Can not : Dancing Docs Cheer Himachal Patients Up Save Food- Feed India Cricket Is All About Risk Management : Jos Buttler After First IPL Century If you are not a subscriber ?
Sign Up If you are a existing subscriber ?
Sign In OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below
