ANI | Updated : Sep 17 , 2020 21:09 IST New Delhi [ India ] , September 17 ( ANI ) : Shiromani Akali Dal ( SAD ) leader Sukhbir Singh Badal on Thursday opposed the two farmer-related bills in Lok Sabha and said they will adversely affect lakhs of farmers in Punjab and outside the state.Participating in the debate in Lok Sabha on the two bills , he said Punjab has approximately two per cent of country 's land and plays a major role in fulfilling foodgrains requirements of the country.He said Punjab has an excellent system of crop procurement through agriculture markets which are linked by roads .
`` SAD strongly opposes these bills .
They will benefit MNCs and big companies , '' he said.Badal , who had earlier opposed the bill to amend Essential Commodities Act , was on Thursday participating on the debate on the Farmers ' Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion And Facilitation ) Bill , 2020 and the Farmers ( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Bill .
The two bills were taken up together for discussion in Lok Sabha .
The two bills along with Essential Commodities ( Amendment ) Act seek to replace three ordinances brought by the government .
Badal said that the bills will affect 20 lakh farmers and lakhs of labourers in the state .
`` I appeal ( to the government ) to save the farmers of Punjab , '' he said .
Noting that land in Punjab was irrigated , he said there are 12,000 villages and 1,900 purchase centres in the state .
Hitting out at Congress , the SAD president said that his party did not take U-turn and Union Minister of Food Processing Industries Harsimrat Kaur Badal had raised her concerns over the bills during the meeting of Union Cabinet .
`` Congress leaders said SAD took a U-turn .
We did not do any U-turn , '' he said .
`` We raised this issue on every forum but our apprehensions were not cleared .
So , when bills were brought so we decided not to support the bill which is against farmers , '' he said .
He said that Congress had made promises in its manifesto which were similar to the provisions of the three bills .
Badal said Congress had also talked of abolishing the APMC Act.YSRCP MP Krishna Devarayalu Lavu said that his party supports the Farmers Produce Trade and Commerce Bill .
`` We support the Farmers Produce Trade and Commerce Bill .
But we want the government to ensure that monopolistic tendencies are avoided in farm marketing and states are compensated for the loss in APMC market , '' he said.JD-U MP Dileshwar Kamait supported the Farmers ( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Bill.He said 70 per cent of Indians depend on agriculture and to the bill was a step in the direction of boosting the income of farmers .
( ANI ) NDA Shiromani Akali Dal SAD JDU Dileshwar Kamait Lok Sabha Krishna Devarayalu Sukhbir Singh Badal Jitin Prasada 's exit 'great loss ' for Congress , his future is secure in BJP : Rebel Cong MLA Aditi Singh Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 04:33 IST Made a big mistake , will regret later : Cong MP Pradip Bhattacharya on Jitin Prasada joining BJP Updated : Jun 09 , 2021 21:46 IST Jagan Reddy to meet Shah in Delhi tomorrow , likely to discuss Polavaram project Updated : Jun 09 , 2021 21:05 IST SAD chief urges Centre to hold fresh talks with protesting farmers over agri laws Updated : Jun 09 , 2021 20:40 IST Punjab Health Minister calls Centre 's decision of capping COVID vaccine prices for pvt hospitals 'late and hasty' Updated : Jun 09 , 2021 14:46 IST Fertiliser subsidy scam : RJD MP AD Singh moves Delhi HC against his ED remand Updated : Jun 09 , 2021 12:49 IST No instability in the BJP govt in MP : Narendra Singh Tomar copyrights © aninews.in | All rights Reserved
