Topics Farmer protest | Sukhbir Singh Badal | Punjab farmers Press Trust of India | Chandigarh Last Updated at January 31 , 2021 21:51 IST https : //mybs.in/2ZbPoD7 SAD chief Sukhbir Singh Badal on Sunday met farmer leader Rakesh Tikait at Ghazipur border and presented him with a 'siropa ' ( robe of honour ) , as he assured his party 's support to the farmers movement .
Badal said Tikait had made the farming community proud by following the footsteps of his father Mahendra Singh Tikait , a towering farmer leader , a party statement said.document.write ( `` < ! -- '' ) ; if ( isUserBanner== '' free '' & & ( displayConBanner==1 ) ) document.write ( `` -- > '' ) ; googletag.cmd.push ( function ( ) { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot ( '/6516239/outofpage_1x1_desktop ' , 'div-gpt-ad-1490771277198-0 ' ) .addService ( googletag.pubads ( ) ) ; googletag.pubads ( ) .enableSyncRendering ( ) ; googletag.enableServices ( ) ; } ) ; He reminisced about the joint battles of Mahendra Singh Tikait and SAD patron Parkash Singh Badal for the welfare of the peasantry , it said .
The Shiromani Akali Dal ( SAD ) chief also met the families of farmers whose next of kin had been missing since January 26 , besides those whose relatives have been incarcerated for supporting the farmers ' protest , the statement said .
Badal assured the families that SAD would take up their cases and ensure appropriate legal remedies were made available to them .
He also requested his party 's Delhi unit chief Harmit Singh Kalka to establish a control room in the national capital to ensure that aggrieved families were given assistance as and when required .
The SAD leader said the Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee would also contest all such cases free of cost even as he assured the families that a committee of lawyers had been established in Chandigarh and across all districts in Punjab to ensure a coordinated effort in this direction .
He requested all political parties to leave aside petty differences and unite for the greater cause of the peasantry .
He said it was now clear that farmers of Punjab , Haryana , Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh besides those from different parts of the country had formed a united front .
We must strengthen this front further to ensure that the 'kisan andolan ' is a resounding success , Badal added .
Farmers , mostly from Punjab , Haryana and parts of Uttar Pradesh , have been protesting at Delhi borders , demanding a rollback of the Farmers ' Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation ) Act , 2020 , the Farmers ( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Act , 2020 and the Essential Commodities ( Amendment ) Act , 2020 .
The protesting farmers have expressed apprehension that these laws would pave the way for the dismantling of the minimum support price ( MSP ) system , leaving them at the `` mercy '' of big corporations .
However , the Centre has maintained that the new laws will bring better opportunities to farmers and introduce new technologies in agriculture .
( Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff ; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed . )
Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
