Topics farmers protest | Narendra Singh Tomar | Parliament Press Trust of India | New Delhi Last Updated at February 2 , 2021 18:15 IST https : //mybs.in/2Zbwgar The government on Tuesday asserted in Lok Sabha that it was ready to discuss issues related to farmers both inside and outside Parliament amid vociferous protests by the Opposition which forced the House to adjourn twice , first for almost an hour and then for nearly two hours .
Agriculture Minister Narendra Singh Tomar said during Zero Hour , which began at 5 pm , that the Modi government is always committed to discuss the farmer 's issues.document.write ( `` < ! -- '' ) ; if ( isUserBanner== '' free '' & & ( displayConBanner==1 ) ) document.write ( `` -- > '' ) ; googletag.cmd.push ( function ( ) { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot ( '/6516239/outofpage_1x1_desktop ' , 'div-gpt-ad-1490771277198-0 ' ) .addService ( googletag.pubads ( ) ) ; googletag.pubads ( ) .enableSyncRendering ( ) ; googletag.enableServices ( ) ; } ) ; '' Government is ready to discuss issues related to farmers inside and outside Parliament , '' he said amid sloganeering by opposition members .
Tomar 's reply came after Congress leader in Lok Sabha Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury claimed that 170 farmers have died during the ongoing agitation against the three contentious farm laws .
`` Atrocities are being committed on farmers .
Situation is similar to British rule , '' he alleged .
As opposition members , including from Congress , DMK , Trinamool Congress , SP and BSP , trooped near the well , Speaker Om Birla appealed to them to go back to their seats so that House can taken up normal business .
`` This House is for debate and discussions .
Please go back to your seats , '' he said .
However , the unrelenting opposition continued their protests , leading to the Speaking announcing the second adjournment till 7 pm .
Earlier , as soon as the House met at 4 pm , opposition members disrupted the Question Hour to press for repeal of the three `` black '' laws and raised slogans .
Members from the Shiv Sena were seen raising slogans from the aisles .
Former Union minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal of the Shiromani Akali Dal was also seen holding a poster demanding repeal of the contentious agriculture legislations .
The Speaker urged the members to return to their seats and follow the COVID-19 protocol .
He said in the ongoing Question Hour , questions related to farmers were listed and members can raise their issues at that time .
He also said during the debate on the Motion of Thanks to the President 's address , members can raise these issues .
But opposition members refused to relent forcing him to adjourn the proceedings around 4.10 pm .
Several farmers unions have been staging protests at various border points of Delhi demanding repeal of the farm laws .
( Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff ; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed . )
Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
