the fully loaded magazine We will not accept farmers being branded as traitors , West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Thursday said in the Bengal assembly after a resolution was moved for repealing the new farm laws .
The central government must repeal the farm laws or step down , she said while addressing the assembly .
`` We oppose the anti-farmer laws .
We demand their immediate withdrawal .
Either the Centre should withdraw the laws or step down , '' the chief minister said .
Banerjee said the Union government , which has in the past , waived corporate loans , should also extend the same benefit to farmers .
The chief minister also placed the responsibility on the Delhi police for the situation getting out of hand , referring to the clashes that broke out between police and protesters on Republic Day during the farmers ' tractor rally .
She claimed the Delhi police `` mishandled '' the tractor parade .
`` Delhi police is to be blamed for that .
What was the Delhi police doing ?
It was a complete intelligence failure .
We will not tolerate farmers being branded as traitors .
They are the assets of this nation , '' she said .
Speaking after the resolution was moved by Parliamentary Affairs Minister Partha Chatterjee amid vociferous protests by BJP lawmakers , Banerjee demanded that Prime Minister Narendra Modi convene an all-party meeting to discuss the process of withdrawal of these laws .
The assembly witnessed unruly scenes in the morning after Chatterjee moved the resolution , with BJP MLAs led by their legislative party leader Manoj Tigga rushing to the Well of the House , claiming the TMC government has launched a `` misinformation campaign '' against the laws .
Tigga , along with his party MLAs , subsequently walked out shouting `` Jai Shri Ram '' slogans .
Banerjee appealed to the Congress and the Left Front to keep aside ideological differences and come together in support of the farmers .
On Tuesday , Delhi Police used tear gas to disperse a group of protesting farmers and baton-charged groups who reached ITO area in central Delhi .
The protesters breached the iconic Red Fort later in the day .
The administration had to take the unprecedented step of suspending mobile Internet services in at least four parts of the National Capital Region .
Subscribe to Outlook ’ s Newsletter Bombs Thrown In Front Of West Bengal Minister Indranil Sen 's Residence , Six Arrested Heavy Rains Lash Mumbai ; Streets , Rail Tracks Flooded Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed , 18 Injured As Residential Building Collapses Delhi ’ s Draft Master Plan 2041 Focuses On Environment , Economy , Mobility And Heritage Govt Issues Guidelines On Covid Management In Children , Here Are The Recommendations Road To Delhi Starts From UP ‘ BJP Will Come Back To Power In UP… The Party Will Keep Coming Back ’ To Make Tea , Add Water Lakshadweep Isn ’ t Maldives Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed in Residential Building Collapse Farmers ' Protest And Covid : Under The Anxious Summer Sky Jitin Prasada Joins BJP : Bad Optics For Congress , But Jitin Is No Jyotiraditya Battle For UP : Can A Divided , Dithering Opposition Challenge Yogi ?
BJP ’ s Karnataka Conundrum : If Not Yediyurappa , Then Who ?
'Ring Of Fire ' On June 10 : India To Miss Out On Celestial Event How Can You Identify Brain Tumor Early ?
How Much Would You Pay For A Kidney ?
Himachal ’ s Covid Infection Rate Drops To 5.3 % ; CM Apprises Amit Shah Of Situation French Open : Coco Gauff Makes Breakthrough In Paris At 17 ENG Vs NZ , 1st Test : Dom Sibley Stands Firm A England Dig In For Drab Draw Nutrition in COVID-19 times The Body Says What Words Can not : Dancing Docs Cheer Himachal Patients Up Save Food- Feed India Cricket Is All About Risk Management : Jos Buttler After First IPL Century If you are not a subscriber ?
Sign Up If you are a existing subscriber ?
Sign In OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below
