Jump to navigation Speak Now Bharatiya Kisan Union ( BKU ) leader Rakesh Tikait on Tuesday said that farmers , if required , will sell their produce at the Parliament complex as part of their protest against the Centre 's new agriculture laws .
Farmers will not be divided , Tikait said while addressing a 'Kisan Mahapanchayat ' at Vidhyadhar Nagar stadium in Jaipur .
`` If required , farmers will go to Parliament to sell their crops , '' he said and called upon them to be ready to move towards Delhi whenever required .
Hundreds of farmers are camping at Delhi 's borders since November last year demanding that the Centre repeal the three contentious farm laws .
The farmer leader said that a nationwide movement against the farm laws has started and youths have a big responsibility now .
Tikait said that the country will be saved when slogans of `` Jai Ram '' and `` Jai Bhim '' are raised together .
However , he cut short his speech as the weather turned bad .
Earlier , social activist and Samyukt Kisan Morcha leader Yogendra Yadav said that farmers of the country want legal guarantee for minimum support price .
Enacted in September , the three farm laws have been projected by the Centre as major reforms in the agriculture sector that will remove the middlemen and allow farmers to sell their produce anywhere in the country .
The protesting farmers , on the other hand , have expressed apprehension that the new laws would pave the way for eliminating the safety cushion of the minimum support price and do away with the 'mandi ' ( wholesale market ) system , leaving them at the mercy of big corporates .
Tikait , on the occasion , also announced appointment of Jat leader Rajaram Meel as the state president of Bharatiya Kisan Union and Jhabar Singh as national secretary .
ALSO READ | Republic Day violence : Did Khalistani elements hijack farmer protest in Delhi ?
ALSO READ | Farmers ' protest losing steam ?
Kisan Mahapanchayat to vacate Shahjahanpur site Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Covid : Why you should take happy hypoxia seriously 'Faulty refrigerator ' spoils 480 doses of Covishield in Rajasthan 's Banswara Pandemic propels Auckland to top of EIU ’ s most liveable cities ranking Ladakh Covid warriors ride JCB machine to cross river , Twitter salutes brave effort Meet The Dominican Who Sings About Mehul Choksi After Jitin Prasada 's exit , now rumblings in Rajasthan Congress Mamata Banerjee meets Rakesh Tikait , extends support to farmers ' protest Exclusive | Barbara Jarabica says Mehul Choksi flirted with her , gifted fake diamond rings , bracelets Uddhav Thackeray meets PM Modi over Maratha quota , GST compensation Nusrat Jahan says marriage with Nikhil Jain not legal in India Congress implodes : First Jyotiraditya Scindia , now Jitin Prasada and next Sachin Pilot ?
World Environment Day : Youngsters Plant Cannabis In Kerala Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
