Topics Farmers protests | Indian Farmers | Farm Bills Press Trust of India | New Delhi Last Updated at January 7 , 2021 11:13 IST https : //mybs.in/2ZbEhQa Security was increased along the borders of the national capital ahead of a tractor rally of farmers on Thursday morning .
The farmers will hold the rally at 11 am at four borders of Delhi in protest against the Centre 's agriculture laws .
They had on Tuesday deferred their proposed tractor march from January 6 to January 7 due to bad weather forecast.document.write ( `` < ! -- '' ) ; if ( isUserBanner== '' free '' & & ( displayConBanner==1 ) ) document.write ( `` -- > '' ) ; googletag.cmd.push ( function ( ) { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot ( '/6516239/outofpage_1x1_desktop ' , 'div-gpt-ad-1490771277198-0 ' ) .addService ( googletag.pubads ( ) ) ; googletag.pubads ( ) .enableSyncRendering ( ) ; googletag.enableServices ( ) ; } ) ; The city has been receiving rains sporadically over the past four days .
Braving severe cold and sporadic rains , thousands of farmers from Punjab , Haryana and some other parts of the country have been camping at several Delhi border points for over 40 days , demanding repeal of farm laws , a legal guarantee on minimum support price for their crops and other two issues .
The seventh round of talks between protesting unions and three central ministers ended inconclusively on Monday as farmer groups stuck to their demand for the repeal of three laws , while the government listed out various benefits of the new acts for the growth of the country 's agriculture sector .
Since the farmers arrived at the national capital 's borders , the Delhi Traffic Police has been posting alerts on its official Twitter handle to inform commuters about road closures across the city .
In a series of tweets , it had said Singhu , Auchandi , Piau Maniyari , Saboli and Mangesh borders were closed for traffic movement .
`` Please take alternate route via Lampur Safiabad , Palla & Singhu school toll tax borders .
Traffic has been diverted from Mukarba & GTK road .
Please avoid Outer Ring Road , GTK Road & NH-44 .
`` The Chilla and Ghazipur borders are closed for traffic coming from Noida & Ghaziabad to Delhi because of farmer protests .
Please take alternate route for coming to Delhi via Anand Vihar , DND , Bhopra & Loni Borders , '' the traffic police said .
It said Tikri and Dhansa borders are also closed for traffic movement .
`` Jhatikara Border is open only for LMV ( Cars/Light Motor Vehicles ) , two wheelers and pedestrian movement , '' another tweet read .
According to the traffic police , people travelling to Haryana can take the routes via Jharoda ( only single carriageway ) , Daurala , Kapashera , Badusarai , Rajokri NH-8 , Bijwasan/Bajghera , Palam Vihar and Dundahera borders .
( Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff ; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed . )
Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
