ANI | Updated : Jan 12 , 2021 22:13 IST By Siddharth SharmaNew Delhi [ India ] , January 12 ( ANI ) : Congress party has raised serious questions over the selection of members of the four-member committee appointed by the Supreme Court to submit a report on the recently enacted central farm laws , arguing that they will not be able to do justice with farmers.Countering the selection of the members of the committee , Congress general secretary Randeep Surjewala said while speaking to reporters , `` Four members of the committee are already standing with Modi Ji .
Who gave their names to the Supreme Court .
How can there be justice in such a scenario ?
These facts were not kept before the court .
These organisations have gone to the Supreme Court .
How can a petitioner be made a member of the committee ?
`` Surjewala further said that the Apex court has done the job of showing a mirror to the government .
`` The farmers are adamant on the demand to enter Delhi peacefully .
The Honorable Court has done the job of showing a mirror to the government .
The laws have been temporarily banned , '' he said .
`` There are three pillars of democracy in our country - judiciary , executive and legislature .
Legislating and abolishing the law is the work of the legislature .
Whether those laws are wrong or right and are based on the Constitution , this is evaluated by the courts and the executive consisting of administrative staff are responsible for implementing the laws .
The important thing is that these three bodies are independent , '' he added.The members of the committee are - Bhupinder Singh Mann , Parmod Kumar Joshi , Director for South Asia , International Food Policy Research Institute , agricultural economist Ashok Gulati and President of Shetkeri Sangathan , Maharashtra , Anil Ghanwant .
Speaking on individual identities of the members , Surjewala said , `` We studied the four-member committee .
It is shocking .
All the members have already decided that the law is correct .
The committee has said that the farmers are misinformed .
`` `` Ashok Gulati ji wrote that these three laws are the right path and the right thing .
He also said that Opposition and farmers have gone astray , '' the Congress leader said .
`` PK Joshi ji also wrote an article that the demand of the farmers is shocking and their thinking is not right .
He opposed Minimum Support Price ( MSP ) , '' he added.Speaking on another member Anil Ghanwant , Surjewala said , '' Ghanwant also stated that the only real freedom will be achieved through these laws .
`` `` Bhupinder Singh Mann supported the agricultural laws on December 14 by submitting a memorandum to Narender Tomar ji to implement the law .
Why did the Chief Justice of India ( CJI ) not investigate the history of these members ?
Who gave these names to the court ? ''
he added.Surjewala further said : `` The committee is standing with Modi ji .
The court needs to churn it .
Our demand is clear that the laws should be abolished .
`` He further stated that PM Modi should talk with farmers on January 15 .
Farmers can not get justice from this committee , he added.On a question whether Congress will stop their protest after a committee has been formed , Surjewala said that Congress will continue to protest until the farm laws are repealed.Farmers have been protesting at different borders of the national capital since November 26 , 2020 , against the three newly enacted farm laws - Farmers ' Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation ) Act , 2020 , the Farmers ( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Act , 2020 , and the Essential Commodities ( Amendment ) Act , 2020 .
( ANI ) Congress Randeep Singh Surjewala SC Committee farm laws farmers issue Jitin Prasada 's exit 'great loss ' for Congress , his future is secure in BJP : Rebel Cong MLA Aditi Singh Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 04:33 IST Made a big mistake , will regret later : Cong MP Pradip Bhattacharya on Jitin Prasada joining BJP Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 00:37 IST 'Big slap on our face ' , says Cong 's Harish Rawat after Jitin Prasada joined BJP Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 00:02 IST Maharashtra govt will amend agricultural laws to protect interests of farmers , says minister Balasaheb Thorat Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 00:02 IST Modi government committed to double farmers ' income : Nadda Updated : Jun 09 , 2021 23:58 IST There 's no question of divorce as marriage was not valid in eyes of law : TMC MP Nusrat Jahan Updated : Jun 09 , 2021 23:51 IST Shivakumar takes dig at Jitin Prasada , says he has recognition due to Congress copyrights © aninews.in | All rights Reserved
