Topics farmers ' protest | Republic Day | Delhi Police Agencies | Mumbai Last Updated at January 25 , 2021 00:07 IST https : //mybs.in/2ZbN3K5 Even as the Delhi Police indicated Pakistan-based groups could disrupt the farmers ’ tractor rally in New Delhi on Tuesday , thousands of farmers across Maharashtra started assembling in Mumbai on Sunday to protest against the three farm laws .
The Delhi Police said Tuesday 's tractor rally in the national Capital , which have been allowed to start after the Republic Day celebrations conclude , will be conducted amid tight security .
“ Over 300 Twitter handles have been generated from Pakistan during January 13 to 18 to disrupt the tractor rally by farmers only by ... Key stories on business-standard.com are available to premium subscribers only .
MONTHLY STAR Note : Subscription will be auto renewed , you may cancel any time in the future without any questions asked .
SMART ANNUAL Note : Subscription will be auto renewed , you may cancel any time in the future without any questions asked .
Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
