the fully loaded magazine As part of the 'rail roko ’ protest called against Centre ’ s new farm laws , farmers on Thursday sat on railway tracks at many places in Punjab and Haryana , with officials stopping trains at stations as a precautionary measure .
Last week , the Samyukta Kisan Morcha ( SKM ) , an umbrella body of farmer unions which is spearheading the protest , had announced the nationwide rail blockade to press for its demand to repeal the legislation .
It had said that the agitation will be from 12 pm to 4 pm .
In Punjab , protesters sat on tracks at many places on the Delhi-Ludhiana-Amritsar railway route , officials said .
Farmers blocked the Jalandhar Cantt-Jammu railway track in Jalandhar and in Mohali district also farmers blocked a rail track , they said .
In Haryana , protesting farmers , including women , squatted on rail tracks at many places , including in Ambala , Kurukshetra , Panipat and Panchkula districts , the officials said .
On the Ambala-Delhi railway section , a group of farmers led by Bharatiya Kisan Union ( BKU ) leader from Ambala , Gulab Singh , squatted on a rail track at Shahpur village , about 2 kilometres from the Ambala Cantt station .
`` Our protest will continue in a peaceful manner till the farm laws are repealed , '' Singh said .
Security has been tightened in both Haryana and Punjab with personnel of the government railway police and the state police forces being deployed , officials said .
The Ferozepur division of the Northern Railways has decided to halt trains at stations so that passengers face less inconvenience during the 'rail roko ' protest .
The officials said that the movement of trains is likely to be delayed because of the farmers ' rail blockade .
Train services will be resumed after following due security protocols once the agitation is over , they said .
In Haryana , besides railway police personnel , the Haryana Police has deployed its staff in large numbers near the protest sites and at various railway stations .
Divisional Railway Manager , Ambala Division , G M Singh said that no train has been cancelled in view of the 'rail roko ' agitation .
Four trains were scheduled to pass from Ambala between 12 to 4 pm , railway officials said .
Bharti Kisan Union ( Ekta Ugrahan ) members will block railway tracks at 22 places , including at Nabha , Mansa , Barnala , Bathinda , Ferozepur , Jalandhar and Tarn Taran , in Punjab , the organisation 's general secretary Sukhdev Singh Kokrikalan said .
Thousands of farmers have been protesting since late November at Delhi 's borders with Haryana and Uttar Pradesh , demanding a rollback of the Farmers ' Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation ) Act , 2020 ; Farmers ' ( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Act , 2020 ; and Essential Commodities ( Amendment ) Act , 2020 .
The protesting farmers have expressed apprehension that these laws would pave the way for the dismantling of the minimum support price ( MSP ) system , leaving them at the `` mercy '' of big corporations .
However , the government has maintained that the new laws will bring better opportunities to farmers and introduce new technologies in agriculture .
Subscribe to Outlook ’ s Newsletter Dramatic Fall In India 's Coronavirus Cases Leaves Experts In A Mix Of Surprise And Disbelief Heavy Rains Lash Mumbai ; Streets , Rail Tracks Flooded Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed , 18 Injured As Residential Building Collapses Delhi ’ s Draft Master Plan 2041 Focuses On Environment , Economy , Mobility And Heritage Govt Issues Guidelines On Covid Management In Children , Here Are The Recommendations Road To Delhi Starts From UP ‘ BJP Will Come Back To Power In UP… The Party Will Keep Coming Back ’ To Make Tea , Add Water Lakshadweep Isn ’ t Maldives Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed in Residential Building Collapse Farmers ' Protest And Covid : Under The Anxious Summer Sky Jitin Prasada Joins BJP : Bad Optics For Congress , But Jitin Is No Jyotiraditya Battle For UP : Can A Divided , Dithering Opposition Challenge Yogi ?
BJP ’ s Karnataka Conundrum : If Not Yediyurappa , Then Who ?
'Ring Of Fire ' On June 10 : India To Miss Out On Celestial Event How Can You Identify Brain Tumor Early ?
How Much Would You Pay For A Kidney ?
Himachal ’ s Covid Infection Rate Drops To 5.3 % ; CM Apprises Amit Shah Of Situation French Open : Coco Gauff Makes Breakthrough In Paris At 17 ENG Vs NZ , 1st Test : Dom Sibley Stands Firm A England Dig In For Drab Draw Nutrition in COVID-19 times The Body Says What Words Can not : Dancing Docs Cheer Himachal Patients Up Save Food- Feed India Cricket Is All About Risk Management : Jos Buttler After First IPL Century If you are not a subscriber ?
Sign Up If you are a existing subscriber ?
Sign In OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below
