Jump to navigation Speak Now The central government is working towards finding a resolution to the grievances expressed by farmers who are protesting in Delhi , said Union Agriculture Minister Narendra Singh Tomar on Wednesday .
Speaking to India Today TV for an exclusive interview , the minister said he is hopeful that the matter will soon be resolved via talks .
`` I too am pained to see old farmers and women protesting in the cold and amid the Covid-19 pandemic .
I am hopeful that we will find a way out of this , '' Narendra Singh Tomar said .
Responding to comments of some of his party colleagues and some leaders from the Opposition who have alleged that the people protesting in Delhi are not farmers and that the protest has been `` hijacked '' by Khalistani elements , Tomar said it is `` unwise and too early '' to say such things about any protest .
`` I am of the view that farmers have come to raise their concerns and it is my duty to hear them , '' he said , adding that opposition parties should not use farmers for their politics .
Asked about the talks between the government and farmers ' unions , the minister said the government is willing to talk .
`` We held talks before the protests and are ready to talk even now . ''
`` I feel and I am hopeful that we will be able to resolve the issue through talks , '' he said .
Responding to a question on why the government is so opposed to accepting farmers ' demand that crops outside the mandi system will not be procured by private players at a price below the minimum support price ( MSP ) and this guarantee should be part of the law , the minister said , `` Everything can not be brought under law '' .
`` There are some matters that are handled based on administrative decisions .
We ca n't have laws for everything .
It is not a matter of ego .
But everything can not be decided by laws .
Laws are one aspect of governance , rules are another , and administrative decision are the third aspect , '' Tomar said .
Defending his stand , he added that laws are not required for matters that have been handled via administrative decisions .
`` MSP was never part of the law and even today , the decision on MSP is an administrative decision .
The Modi government is fully committed to ensure that farmers get MSP , '' Tomar said .
He added that the Prime Minister has already assured farmers that the MSP system will continue .
`` I too have clarified in Parliament that the MSP system is will continue .
Had PM Modi been averse to MSP , why would he raise MSP for crops ?
Today , farmers across India are benefitting from the hike in MSP introduced by our government . ''
ALSO READ | MSP to stay in force , ca n't put everything in law , says Agri Minister Narendra Singh Tomar ALSO READ | What agitating farmers want , and why the Centre may not oblige ALSO READ | New farm laws wo n't finish mandi system , farmers will benefit in all ways : Agri minister Narendra Tomar ALSO WATCH | Confident that matter will be resolved with talks : Agri minister Narendra Tomar on farmers ' protest Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Covid : Why you should take happy hypoxia seriously 'Faulty refrigerator ' spoils 480 doses of Covishield in Rajasthan 's Banswara Pandemic propels Auckland to top of EIU ’ s most liveable cities ranking Ladakh Covid warriors ride JCB machine to cross river , Twitter salutes brave effort Meet The Dominican Who Sings About Mehul Choksi After Jitin Prasada 's exit , now rumblings in Rajasthan Congress Mamata Banerjee meets Rakesh Tikait , extends support to farmers ' protest Exclusive | Barbara Jarabica says Mehul Choksi flirted with her , gifted fake diamond rings , bracelets Uddhav Thackeray meets PM Modi over Maratha quota , GST compensation Nusrat Jahan says marriage with Nikhil Jain not legal in India Congress implodes : First Scindia , now Prasada and next Sachin Pilot ?
World Environment Day : Youngsters Plant Cannabis In Kerala Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
