Jump to navigation Speak Now The Chilla and Ghazipur borders are closed for traffic coming from Noida and Ghaziabad to Delhi because of the ongoing farmers ' protest , the Delhi Traffic Police said on Friday .
The traffic department has advised people to take alternate routes for coming to Delhi via Anand Vihar , DND , Apsara , Bhopra and Loni borders .
Traffic AlertThe chilla , Gazipur borders are closed for traffic coming from Noida & Gaziabad to Delhi because of farmer protests .
People are advised to take alternate route for coming to Delhi via Anad Vihar , DND , Apsara , bhopra & Loni borders .
The traffic department also tweeted that the Singhu , Auchandi , Piau Maniyari , Saboli and Mangesh borders closed and people have been asked to take alternate routes via Lampur , Safiabad , Palla and Singhu school toll tax borders .
Traffic has been diverted from Mukarba and GTK road .
The traffic department has asked people to avoid Outer Ring Rd , GTK road and NH 44 .
Traffic Alert , Singhu , Auchandi , Piau Maniyari , Saboli & Mangesh borders closed .
Pl take alternate routes via Lampur , Safiabad , Palla & Singhu school toll tax borders.Traffic has been diverted from Mukarba & GTK road .
Pl avoid Outer Ring Rd , GTK road & NH 44 .
Thousands of farmers from Punjab , Haryana , UP and some other states are protesting against the Farmers ( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement of Price Assurance and Farm Services Act , Farmers Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation ) Act , and the Essential Commodities ( Amendment ) Act .
Enacted in September , the three farm laws have been projected by the central government as major reforms in the agriculture sector that will remove the middlemen and allow farmers to sell anywhere in the country .
ALSO READ : Govt writes to farmer unions , invites them for talks as they threaten hunger strike | LIVE Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Covid : Why you should take happy hypoxia seriously 'Faulty refrigerator ' spoils 480 doses of Covishield in Rajasthan 's Banswara Pandemic propels Auckland to top of EIU ’ s most liveable cities ranking Ladakh Covid warriors ride JCB machine to cross river , Twitter salutes brave effort Meet The Dominican Who Sings About Mehul Choksi After Jitin Prasada 's exit , now rumblings in Rajasthan Congress Mamata Banerjee meets Rakesh Tikait , extends support to farmers ' protest Exclusive | Barbara Jarabica says Mehul Choksi flirted with her , gifted fake diamond rings , bracelets Uddhav Thackeray meets PM Modi over Maratha quota , GST compensation Nusrat Jahan says marriage with Nikhil Jain not legal in India Congress implodes : First Scindia , now Prasada and next Sachin Pilot ?
World Environment Day : Youngsters Plant Cannabis In Kerala Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
