ANI | Updated : Oct 07 , 2020 22:00 IST Vijayawada ( Andhra Pradesh ) [ India ] , October 7 ( ANI ) : Union Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman on Wednesday said that contract farming will not be detrimental for farmers and alleged that Congress was opposing agricultural reforms for `` political reasons '' .
`` Contract farming will not be detrimental to farmers .
There are mechanisms to see that both parties flourish .
FPO ( Farmer Producer Organisation ) will pool small and marginal farmers as groups so that they can have good bargaining with the buyers , '' she said at a press conference here .
`` Now it is possible to balance the selling price for farmers as well as buying price for consumers .
Farmers can identify their buyers and sell anywhere in the world .
District collector will be the adjudicating authority in case of any concerns , '' she added.Sitharaman said that the ministers of the National Democratic Alliance ( NDA ) government are interacting with farmers and clarifying their doubts about the new farm laws .
`` In the recent parliament session , three farm bills were passed .
Our ministers are going to all states , interacting with farmers and clarifying doubts about these laws .
These reforms are not new ones .
Even opposition parties had put these reforms in their manifestos , '' she said .
`` Despite many challenges including the corona pandemic , we passed the amendments .
A farmer can now take his produce to any state .
I met some farmers on my way from the airport to here .
They thanked Prime Minister Narendra Modi for the reforms as they can sell their produce anywhere in India after these reforms , '' she added.The Union Finance Minister further said Agriculture Produce Market Committees ( APMCs ) will remain and the umbrella of Minimum Support Price ( MSP ) will be extended to many crops .
`` APMCs will remain .
We are not touching them .
A farmer can transact outside the market yard or out of the state , there will be no tax on it .
Earlier , Minimum Support Price ( MSP ) was given on only paddy and wheat crops .
But now our government is giving MSP to several other produce also .
The MSP will continue , '' she said .
`` Agri-based industries are being encouraged .
Farmers are free to sell their produce to any buyer .
The essential commodity act is also amended accordingly .
We are encouraging food-processing industries , '' she added.The minister said states will not lose their control over agriculture or agri-marketing .
`` The amendments we made are under the central list only .
I repeat , we did not touch APMCs as they are under the state list .
In fact , Congress in its election manifesto said that it will repeal the APMCs .
But now Congress is opposing the reforms for political reasons .
`` Three new agriculture laws have been enacted after passage of the relevant bills in the monsoon session of parliament - Farmers Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation ) Act , 2020 , The Farmers ( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Service Act , 2020 , and The Essential Commodities ( Amendment ) Act , 2020 .
( ANI ) Nirmala Sitharaman farm laws contract farming MSP APMCs Congress Jitin Prasada 's exit 'great loss ' for Congress , his future is secure in BJP : Rebel Cong MLA Aditi Singh Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 04:33 IST Made a big mistake , will regret later : Cong MP Pradip Bhattacharya on Jitin Prasada joining BJP Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 00:37 IST 'Big slap on our face ' , says Cong 's Harish Rawat after Jitin Prasada joined BJP Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 00:02 IST Maharashtra govt will amend agricultural laws to protect interests of farmers , says minister Balasaheb Thorat Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 00:02 IST Modi government committed to double farmers ' income : Nadda Updated : Jun 09 , 2021 23:58 IST There 's no question of divorce as marriage was not valid in eyes of law : TMC MP Nusrat Jahan Updated : Jun 09 , 2021 23:51 IST Shivakumar takes dig at Jitin Prasada , says he has recognition due to Congress copyrights © aninews.in | All rights Reserved
