the fully loaded magazine Punjab star Gippy Grewal on Saturday criticised Bollywood for not standing up for Punjab at a time when the state needs their support for the ongoing farmers ' protest .
Thousands of farmers from Haryana , Punjab , and other states held demonstrations for the ninth consecutive day at Delhi 's border points , protesting against the new farm laws , which they fear will dismantle the minimum support price system , leaving them at the `` mercy '' of big corporates .
Rupinder Singh Grewal , popular by his stage name Gippy Grewal , took to Twitter and wrote that for years Punjab has welcomed Bollywood with open arms but its silence over the issue was painful .
`` Dear Bollywood , every now and then your movies have been shot in Punjab and every time you have been welcomed with open heart .
But today when Punjab needs you the most , you did n't show up and speak a word .
Disappointed , '' the 37-year-old singer tweeted .
Singer Jaswinder Singh Bains , popularly known by his stage name Jazzy B , rallied behind Grewal .
`` People whose conscience is alive are coming out in support , not the ones whose conscience is dead , '' he tweeted .
However , Bollywood actor Taapsee Pannu responded to Grewal , saying that there are artistes in Bollywood who have always been vocal about contentious issues , including the farmers ' protests , and she found his generalised comment `` demotivating '' .
`` Sir , just because the ones you expected to speak up did not please , don ’ t put us all under the same umbrella .
Not that the handful of us need validation regarding standing up but it really pulls down our efforts when disregarded , ' the `` Thappad '' star tweeted .
Replying to the actor , Grewal said his tweet was n't for Pannu and others who are supporting the farmers , but for those who call themselves Punjabi .
`` My tweet was for them who call them from Punjab and not even utter a single word .
They all vanish , '' the singer added .
Several Bollywood stars , including Pannu , Swara Bhasker , Richa Chadha , Sonu Sood , Hansal Mehta , Mohammed Zeeshan Ayyub , Divya Dutta and Neha Sharma , have come out in support of farmers .
Agitating farmers on Friday announced a ‘ Bharat Bandh ’ on December 8 , hardening their position ahead of the fifth round of talks with the government Subscribe to Outlook ’ s Newsletter Musician Billie Eilish Officially Cancels Her Tour ; Fans To Receive Refund Actor-MP Nusrat Jahan Says Her Marriage With Nikhil Jain Invalid In India As It Was Held In Turkey Legendary Bollywood Actor Dilip Kumar Likely To Be Discharged From Hospital Tomorrow 'Family Man ' Shrikant Tiwari : My Daughter Loves All Characters But Me Bollywood Superstar Salman Khan Seeks Contempt Action Against Kamaal Khan Road To Delhi Starts From UP ‘ BJP Will Come Back To Power In UP… The Party Will Keep Coming Back ’ To Make Tea , Add Water Lakshadweep Isn ’ t Maldives Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed in Residential Building Collapse Farmers ' Protest And Covid : Under The Anxious Summer Sky Jitin Prasada Joins BJP : Bad Optics For Congress , But Jitin Is No Jyotiraditya Battle For UP : Can A Divided , Dithering Opposition Challenge Yogi ?
BJP ’ s Karnataka Conundrum : If Not Yediyurappa , Then Who ?
'Ring Of Fire ' On June 10 : India To Miss Out On Celestial Event How Can You Identify Brain Tumor Early ?
How Much Would You Pay For A Kidney ?
Himachal ’ s Covid Infection Rate Drops To 5.3 % ; CM Apprises Amit Shah Of Situation French Open : Coco Gauff Makes Breakthrough In Paris At 17 ENG Vs NZ , 1st Test : Dom Sibley Stands Firm A England Dig In For Drab Draw Nutrition in COVID-19 times The Body Says What Words Can not : Dancing Docs Cheer Himachal Patients Up Save Food- Feed India Cricket Is All About Risk Management : Jos Buttler After First IPL Century If you are not a subscriber ?
Sign Up If you are a existing subscriber ?
Sign In OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below
