the fully loaded magazine Farmer leaders on Thursday refused the lunch offered by the government during their meeting with three Union ministers here and preferred to eat the food ferried in a van from the Singhu border , where thousands of their colleagues are sitting in protest against the new agri laws .
The fourth-round of talks began around noon amid ongoing protests by farmers seeking repeal of the laws .
During the lunch break , a small van carrying food for around 40 people was seen outside the Vigyan Bhawan , where the meeting is underway .
`` Our farmers ' representatives did not accept the lunch offered by the government and we arranged it from the Singhu border , '' Lok Sangarsh Morcha president Pratibha Shinde told PTI .
Farmers ' leaders told the government to focus on resolving the issues instead of trying to be a good host by offering lunch , she said .
`` How can we have lunch offered by the government when our fellow farmers are sitting on roads , '' said Shinde , whose organisation is among the 40 farmers ' groups engaged in the talks .
Thousands of farmers have been camping at the Singhu and Tikri borders of the national capital for the last eight days as part of their protest against the laws .
Union Agriculture Minister Narendra Singh Tomar , Railways , Commerce and Food Minister Piyush Goyal and Minister of State for Commerce Som Parkash , who is an MP from Punjab , are holding talks with the representatives of the farmer groups at the Vigyan Bhawan .
The government said that the meeting started in the afternoon and discussions are being held in a cordial atmosphere .
On December 1 , talks between both the sides ended in a stalemate after farmers ' groups rejected the government 's suggestion of a new committee to look into issues raised by the protesting farmers .
The government had rejected the demand for repealing the laws and asked the farmers ' bodies to identify specific issues related to the newly enacted Acts and submit those by December 2 for consideration and discussion on Thursday .
Enacted in September , the laws have been presented by the government as major reforms in the agriculture sector by removing middlemen and allowing farmers to sell anywhere in the country .
However , the protesting farmers have been worried that the new laws will eliminate the safety cushion of a Minimum Support Price ( MSP ) and procurement system , while rendering ineffective the mandi system that ensures earnings for various stakeholders in the farm sector .
On Wednesday , agitating farmers demanded that the Centre convene a special session of Parliament and repeal the Farmers ' Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation ) Act , 2020 ; the Farmers ( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Act , 2020 ; and the Essential Commodities ( Amendment ) Act , 2020 .
Subscribe to Outlook ’ s Newsletter Varavara Rao To Stay At Private Hospital Till December 14 : Bombay High Court Heavy Rains Lash Mumbai ; Streets , Rail Tracks Flooded Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed , 18 Injured As Residential Building Collapses Delhi ’ s Draft Master Plan 2041 Focuses On Environment , Economy , Mobility And Heritage Govt Issues Guidelines On Covid Management In Children , Here Are The Recommendations Road To Delhi Starts From UP ‘ BJP Will Come Back To Power In UP… The Party Will Keep Coming Back ’ To Make Tea , Add Water Lakshadweep Isn ’ t Maldives Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed in Residential Building Collapse Farmers ' Protest And Covid : Under The Anxious Summer Sky Jitin Prasada Joins BJP : Bad Optics For Congress , But Jitin Is No Jyotiraditya Battle For UP : Can A Divided , Dithering Opposition Challenge Yogi ?
BJP ’ s Karnataka Conundrum : If Not Yediyurappa , Then Who ?
'Ring Of Fire ' On June 10 : India To Miss Out On Celestial Event How Can You Identify Brain Tumor Early ?
How Much Would You Pay For A Kidney ?
Himachal ’ s Covid Infection Rate Drops To 5.3 % ; CM Apprises Amit Shah Of Situation French Open : Coco Gauff Makes Breakthrough In Paris At 17 ENG Vs NZ , 1st Test : Dom Sibley Stands Firm A England Dig In For Drab Draw Nutrition in COVID-19 times The Body Says What Words Can not : Dancing Docs Cheer Himachal Patients Up Save Food- Feed India Cricket Is All About Risk Management : Jos Buttler After First IPL Century If you are not a subscriber ?
Sign Up If you are a existing subscriber ?
Sign In OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below
