Jump to navigation Speak Now Amidst sporadic rain and biting cold in Delhi , farmers from nearby areas have come to the rescue of those protesting against the central farm laws at Ghazipur border , which connects Delhi to Ghaziabad .
Trucks loaded with firewood have been sent by farmers from Meerut , Muzaffarnagar , Gautam Budh Nagar , Bagpat and other adjoining areas of western Uttar Pradesh for protesters stationed at Ghazipur border .
“ We have plenty of firewood back home and our brothers are shivering in rain and cold in Delhi .
So we decided to keep resupplying firewood .
So far , we have supplied over four tractor trolley full of firewood , ” said Ranveer Tewatia , a farmer from Meerut .
Rain in Delhi disrupted the makeshift camps set up by farmers in Delhi with rainwater soaking firewood , which is being used for cooking at protest sites .
`` We lit campfire to brave the cold nights .
Since the unexpected rains , we lost almost half of our firewood but farmers from nearby areas came with loads of wood and now we are spending our nights again around the campfire , ” said Satender Tomar , a protester at Ghazipur .
Thousands of farmers are currently staying put at Delhi borders with Haryana and Uttar Pradesh in protest against the Farmers ' Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation ) Act , 2020 , the Farmers ( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Act , 2020 and the Essential Commodities ( Amendment ) Act , 2020 .
For more than forty days , farmers have blocked the highways at Ghazipur , Singhu , Tikri and Chilla borders of Delhi .
Also Read | 'Glimpse of what will happen on Jan 26 ' : Farmers take out tractor march at Delhi border Also Read | Farmer agitation : What is at stake for both sides Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Covid : Why you should take happy hypoxia seriously 'Faulty refrigerator ' spoils 480 doses of Covishield in Rajasthan 's Banswara Pandemic propels Auckland to top of EIU ’ s most liveable cities ranking Ladakh Covid warriors ride JCB machine to cross river , Twitter salutes brave effort Meet The Dominican Who Sings About Mehul Choksi After Jitin Prasada 's exit , now rumblings in Rajasthan Congress Mamata Banerjee meets Rakesh Tikait , extends support to farmers ' protest Exclusive | Barbara Jarabica says Mehul Choksi flirted with her , gifted fake diamond rings , bracelets Uddhav Thackeray meets PM Modi over Maratha quota , GST compensation Nusrat Jahan says marriage with Nikhil Jain not legal in India Congress implodes : First Scindia , now Prasada and next Sachin Pilot ?
World Environment Day : Youngsters Plant Cannabis In Kerala Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
