Jump to navigation Speak Now Several farmer union leaders on Tuesday took over the protest sites at Delhi 's borders - Ghazipur , Singhu and Tikri - to celebrate ‘ Shaheed Diwas ’ and asserted they would not withdraw their agitation till the contentious three farm laws were revoked .
March 23 is observed as ‘ Shaheed Diwas ’ to pay tributes to India ’ s three revolutionary freedom fighters - Bhagat Singh , Sukhdev and Rajguru - who were hanged on this day for killing British police officer J P Saunders .
The leaders urged scores of farmers , protesting near Delhi 's borders for nearly four months , to intensify their demand of legal guarantee for the minimum support price ( MSP ) and revocation of all three new farm laws .
`` This is a battle for economic freedom for farmers .
We shall intensify our demands and keep the protest on to pressurise the government , '' said Harpal Singh Bilari , president of Bharatiya Kisan Union ( Asli ) .
Read : Why farmers have rejected govt ’ s offer on agri laws The farmer union leaders claimed that they were ready to hold talks with the Central government .
`` We are always ready for talks .
We do n't want any distraction from the core issue .
We also do n't want any politics involved in this , '' said Prabal Pratap Shahi , spokesman of the BKU ( A ) .
Events organised at various protest sites The day-long commemoration of 'Shaheed Diwas ' at Singhu saw rallies being organised , where over 60 youth activists addressed the farmers while extending their support to the movement .
Similar events were organised at the Tikri border , where members of Kisan Mazdoor questioned the government on the lack of education and employment opportunities for the youth .
At the Ghazipur border too , young men and women , especially from Delhi and Uttar Pradesh , pledged to make the farmers ' movement successful by `` following the ideas of Bhagat Singh '' .
The Kanpur Dehat unit of the All India Kisan Khet Mazdoor Sangathan also organised a motorcycle march on the occasion , PTI reported .
Hundreds of farmers are camping at Delhi 's border points at Ghazipur , Singhu and Tikri since November 26 last year , demanding Centre to repeal the three controversial farm laws .
Meanwhile , the farmer union leaders have also planned to unite the peasants of Uttar Pradesh before next year 's Assembly elections to mount pressure on the BJP-led government to repeal the three laws .
Read : What agitating farmers want , and why the Centre may not oblige | India Today Insight Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Arrest of Mehul Choksi opens up extradition debate on top fugitives Federer , Djokovic , Nadal , in same half of French Open field Serious vaccine mismanagement or pandemic politics on vaccination ?
James Bond films to continue releasing in theatres despite Amazon deal Steady decline in new Covid-19 cases : Health ministry Meet the principal who collected Rs 40 lakh to pay fees for her students Vaccine shortage : War of words between states and Centre escalates Multisystem inflammatory syndrome hits children post Covid-19 | Explained Sagar Rana Murder Case : How Sushil Kumar Was Arrested Watch | 'Mehul Choksi was tortured , abducted , ' alleges his lawyer Cyclone Yaas | PM Modi to visit cyclone-hit areas of West Bengal and Odisha Fresh trouble brewing for Karnataka CM Yediyurappa , BJP MLAs seek his ouster Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
