Topics Uttar Pradesh | panchayats | Elections IANS | Agra Last Updated at April 15 , 2021 09:53 IST https : //mybs.in/2ZdbIul The Bharatiya Kisan Union ( BKU ) has issued a statement asking people to choose any candidate , other than those from the BJP in the Panchayat elections that begin on Thursday .
A statement issued by the BKU general secretary read , `` Samyukt Kisan Morcha ( united farmers front ) is fighting against the anti-farmer policies of the Central government .
We are going to the states where Assembly polls are being held and asking people not to vote for the BJP .
Regarding the Panchayat elections in UP , we would like to state that BKU is a non-political organisation .
We do not indulge in politics and do not appeal to people to vote for any party .
We want people to vote for anyone except BJP-supported candidates .
`` document.write ( `` < ! -- '' ) ; if ( isUserBanner== '' free '' & & ( displayConBanner==1 ) ) document.write ( `` -- > '' ) ; googletag.cmd.push ( function ( ) { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot ( '/6516239/outofpage_1x1_desktop ' , 'div-gpt-ad-1490771277198-0 ' ) .addService ( googletag.pubads ( ) ) ; googletag.pubads ( ) .enableSyncRendering ( ) ; googletag.enableServices ( ) ; } ) ; BKU 's national spokesperson Rakesh Tikait said , `` I also never asked people to vote for BJP .
It is a local election and people are free to choose anyone they want . ''
Gurnam Singh Chaduni , a senior leader of Samyukt Kisan Morcha , said , `` So far , no agenda for discussion over the Panchayat election in UP has been received by the Morcha .
Our stand is clear .
BJP will be opposed in elections . ''
He said , `` Farmer leaders from UP have been actively campaigning against the BJP in West Bengal .
They should do that in UP as well . ''
This comes a day after BKU general secretary Yudhveer Singh had told reporters that the farmers ' outfit has not taken any stand against the ruling party in the upcoming Panchayat polls in UP .
Meanwhile , several farmer leaders have themselves joined the poll fray .
Somveer Yadav , Pradeep Sharma and Mukesh Pathak are contesting for the post of block development council members .
Former army man Ramnath Singh Sikarwar , who was the 'Republic Day parade commander ' of the farmers during the tractor rally ' at the Chilla border , is contesting for the post of district council member .
Savitri Chahar , Agra district head of the BKU women 's wing , who had joined the protest at Ghazipur border with 18 other women supporters , is also a candidate .
With this , farmers ' issues have , perhaps , for the first time , upstaged caste dynamics in Uttar Pradesh .
The farmer has become the central figure in this Panchayat election and farmer leaders have become star campaigners .
-- IANS amita/dpb ( Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff ; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed . )
Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
