Discover Thomson Reuters By Mayank Bhardwaj , Krishna N. Das 3 Min Read NEW DELHI ( Reuters ) - Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi ’ s party said on Tuesday there was no question of the government repealing agriculture laws fiercely opposed by farmers who are worried deregulation will reduce their incomes .
Tens of thousands of protesters have camped out on the outskirts of New Delhi and blocked national highways for over three weeks to protest against India ’ s biggest farm reforms in decades .
The government says the laws enacted by parliament in September would increase farmers ’ income through more private investments .
They aim to link potential bulk buyers , such as WalMart Inc , Reliance Industries Ltd and Adani Enterprises Ltd , directly with farmers , bypassing government-regulated wholesale markets and layers of commission agents .
“ There ’ s no question of repealing from the government ’ s side .
We have ample support from many farmers ’ organisations , ” Gopal Krishna Agarwal , a spokesman for the Bharatiya Janata Party , told Reuters , for the first time making clear the government ’ s refusal to back down .
“ Without private investments , agriculture income won ’ t be able to grow , ” he said .
Earlier in the day , Agriculture Minister Narendra Singh Tomar appealed to the protesting farmers to hold further talks .
“ We assure our farmers that we ’ ll listen to them with an open mind , ” Tomar told foreign journalists .
The government has offered to amend the laws , including by giving a written assurance that the farmers will continue to get a guaranteed minimum price for grains , including rice and wheat at state-controlled wholesale markets .
The growers , however , want the laws scrapped .
Their protests have resonated around the world .
Urging India ’ s diaspora to help the government to convince farmers , Tomar said the policy changes would make agriculture more attractive for farmers .
The protesters have received support from overseas Indians mainly from the state of Punjab , who have organised demonstrations in Australia , Britain , Canada and the United States .
“ Farmers have decided they won ’ t go back till the government takes back all three farm laws , ” said Rakesh Tikait , spokesman for Bhartiya Kisan Union , one of over 30 protesting unions of growers .
“ It will take more than a month to resolve all issues. ” Reporting by Mayank Bhardwaj ; Writing by Manoj Kumar ; Editing by Christian Schmollinger , William Maclean and Barbara Lewis Our Standards : The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles .
All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes .
See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays .
