Topics Punjab | Farmers protests | New Delhi Press Trust of India | Jhajjar ( Haryana ) Last Updated at December 27 , 2020 17:43 IST https : //mybs.in/2YShamq A lawyer from Punjab allegedly committed suicide by consuming poison on Sunday a few kilometres from the site of a farmers ' protest at Tikri border .
Amarjit Singh from Jalalabad in Punjab 's Fazilka district was taken to the Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences ( PGIMS ) in Rohtak where doctors declared him dead on arrival , police said.document.write ( `` < ! -- '' ) ; if ( isUserBanner== '' free '' & & ( displayConBanner==1 ) ) document.write ( `` -- > '' ) ; googletag.cmd.push ( function ( ) { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot ( '/6516239/outofpage_1x1_desktop ' , 'div-gpt-ad-1490771277198-0 ' ) .addService ( googletag.pubads ( ) ) ; googletag.pubads ( ) .enableSyncRendering ( ) ; googletag.enableServices ( ) ; } ) ; In a purported suicide note , Singh said he was sacrificing his life in support of the farmers ' agitation against the Centre 's new farm laws so that the government is compelled to listen to the voice of the people .
Singh wrote that the common people like farmers and labourers are feeling `` defrauded '' due to the three `` black '' agriculture laws and `` the worst life is inevitable '' .
The police said they are verifying the authenticity of the suicide note , dated December 18 .
`` We have informed the relatives of the deceased and once they reach here their statements will be recorded and further proceedings will be conducted , '' a police officer from Haryana 's Jhajjar district said , adding that they were informed about the suicide by the hospital authorities .
Earlier , at least two suicides have been linked to the farmers ' stir , underway at various border points of Delhi for over a month now .
A Sikh preacher , Sant Ram Singh , allegedly committing suicide near the Singhu border protest site earlier this month claiming that he was `` unable to bear the pain of the farmers '' .
A 22-year-old farmer had allegedly committed suicide in Punjab 's Bathinda after returning from a protest site near the Delhi border .
A week ago , a 65-year-old farmer from Punjab had attempted suicide by consuming some poisonous substance near the Singhu border .
Thousands of farmers from Punjab , Haryana , Uttar Pradesh and some other states have been protesting at various border points of Delhi against the Farmers ( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement of Price Assurance and Farm Services Act , Farmers Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation ) Act , and the Essential Commodities ( Amendment ) Act .
Enacted in September , the three farm laws have been projected by the central government as major reforms in the agriculture sector that will remove the middlemen and allow farmers to sell anywhere in the country .
However , the protesting farmers have expressed apprehension that the new laws would pave the way for eliminating the safety cushion of Minimum Support Price and do away with the mandi system , leaving them at the mercy of big corporates .
Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
