Topics Supreme Court | farmers protest | New Delhi Press Trust of India | New Delhi Last Updated at January 11 , 2021 19:41 IST https : //mybs.in/2ZbGYkR The Supreme Court will pronounce orders on Tuesday on various issues related to the new farm laws and the farmers ' ongoing protest at Delhi borders and may take a call on setting up of a committee headed by a former Chief Justice of India ( CJI ) to find ways to resolve the impasse .
A bench , headed by Chief Justice S A Bobde , which indicated during the hearing that it may pass orders in parts on the issues concerning farm laws and farmers ' protest , later uploaded the information on the website.document.write ( `` < ! -- '' ) ; if ( isUserBanner== '' free '' & & ( displayConBanner==1 ) ) document.write ( `` -- > '' ) ; googletag.cmd.push ( function ( ) { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot ( '/6516239/outofpage_1x1_desktop ' , 'div-gpt-ad-1490771277198-0 ' ) .addService ( googletag.pubads ( ) ) ; googletag.pubads ( ) .enableSyncRendering ( ) ; googletag.enableServices ( ) ; } ) ; List these matters tomorrow i.e .
12.01.2021 , for orders , said the bench which also comprised justices A S Bopanna and V Ramasubramanian . '
The bench on Monday heard a clutch of pleas challenging the new farm laws as well as the ones raising issues of citizens ' right to move freely during the ongoing farmers ' stir .
It pulled up the Centre for its handling of the farmers protest against the new farm laws saying it is extremely disappointed with the way negotiations between them were going .
It also indicated amply that it may go to the extent of staying the implementation of the contentious farm laws and refused to grant extra time to the Centre to explore the possibility of amicable solution saying it has already granted the government a long rope .
( Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff ; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed . )
Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
