the fully loaded magazine Haryana BJP leaders Parminder Singh Dhull and Rampal Majra on Thursday dubbed the Centre 's farm bills `` anti-farmer '' , claiming that the apprehensions about the minimum support price were not unfounded .
The two former legislators said many farmer outfits were protesting against the Centre 's farm reforms and their voices should be heard .
`` These bills are anti-farmers , anti-people .
These reforms will deal a blow to the dreams of Sir Chhotu Ram , considered the messiah of farmers , who wanted to see the peasants prosperous and happy , '' Dhull said .
Dhull underlined that at a time economy was adversely affected during the coronavirus pandemic , it was the agriculture sector that gave some hope .
`` But now , when farmers are protesting against these bills , we should listen to their voice , '' he said .
Dhull said he had a meeting with state BJP chief O P Dhankar on Thursday .
`` I told him ( Dhankar ) that we should bring another bill , which will guarantee that nobody will procure crop below the MSP , '' he said .
`` When a farmer will have a guarantee that even if he sells outside or if any private player makes an agreement with him , the MSP will be guaranteed , most of his problems will be solved , '' Dhull said .
He said the wholesale market system of Haryana and Punjab were an example for the rest of the country , wondering where would the farmers go if these were weakened .
Asked if he would take part in the ongoing farmers ' agitation , Dhull said being part of protest or not was not the issue .
`` But it 's important that we stand shoulder to shoulder with peasants and raise their voice .
They need our support , '' he said .
Rampal Majra said the apprehension that the MSP would be dismantled was an not exaggeration .
`` We need to listen to the farmers ' voice and address their concerns regarding these anti-farmer reforms , '' he said .
If a private company enters into an agreement with a farmer , nowhere the MSP clause has been put .
Farmers also have limited legal remedies in case of dispute and they can approach an area subdivisional magistrate , according to Majra .
`` Can a small farmer be expected to fight against a big company in case of a dispute ? ''
he asked .
Majra said when he was in the INLD , even then , he used to raise voice about what he felt was right .
`` Now , when I 'm in the BJP , it does n't mean that I will not raise voice in favour of the farmers .
The kind of reforms introduced now have failed in many other countries .
We should learn a lesson from them , '' Majra said .
Earlier in the day , Dhankar said : `` Today , they ( Dhull and another leader ) had a breakfast with me and appreciated the measures , saying these are in interests of farmers . ''
He commenting on reports that a couple of former MLAs , who had switched over to the BJP from the INLD before the Assembly election last year , had expressed some reservations .
The Essential Commodities ( Amendment ) Bill , the Farmers ' Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation ) Bill , and the Farmers ( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement of Price Assurance and Farm Services Bill were passed by the Parliament earlier this week .
The bills are yet to get the assent of the President .
Subscribe to Outlook ’ s Newsletter Bihar Polls To Be Held In 3 Phases From October 28 : EC Heavy Rains Lash Mumbai ; Streets , Rail Tracks Flooded Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed , 18 Injured As Residential Building Collapses Delhi ’ s Draft Master Plan 2041 Focuses On Environment , Economy , Mobility And Heritage Govt Issues Guidelines On Covid Management In Children , Here Are The Recommendations Road To Delhi Starts From UP ‘ BJP Will Come Back To Power In UP… The Party Will Keep Coming Back ’ To Make Tea , Add Water Lakshadweep Isn ’ t Maldives Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed in Residential Building Collapse Farmers ' Protest And Covid : Under The Anxious Summer Sky Jitin Prasada Joins BJP : Bad Optics For Congress , But Jitin Is No Jyotiraditya Battle For UP : Can A Divided , Dithering Opposition Challenge Yogi ?
BJP ’ s Karnataka Conundrum : If Not Yediyurappa , Then Who ?
'Ring Of Fire ' On June 10 : India To Miss Out On Celestial Event How Can You Identify Brain Tumor Early ?
How Much Would You Pay For A Kidney ?
Himachal ’ s Covid Infection Rate Drops To 5.3 % ; CM Apprises Amit Shah Of Situation French Open : Coco Gauff Makes Breakthrough In Paris At 17 ENG Vs NZ , 1st Test : Dom Sibley Stands Firm A England Dig In For Drab Draw Nutrition in COVID-19 times The Body Says What Words Can not : Dancing Docs Cheer Himachal Patients Up Save Food- Feed India Cricket Is All About Risk Management : Jos Buttler After First IPL Century If you are not a subscriber ?
Sign Up If you are a existing subscriber ?
Sign In OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below
