Jump to navigation Speak Now Complementing prime minister Narendra Modi ’ s push for an Atmanirbhar Bharat ( self-reliant India ) , the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) has asked all banks—public , private and foreign—to rework their lending priorities for the next fiscal to focus on financing start-ups and to give credit to farmers to install grid connected solar plants on their fields or to set up compressed biogas units .
These are three new entrants in the central bank ’ s new priority sector lending list extended to the banks .
Experts say that if banks can manage lending to these new sectors well , they could reduce the cost of capital for those planning to set up projects in these sectors .
However , many point out that these initiatives leave other areas that require massive credit—like real estate , education and exports—out of the priority lending list .
For the moment , it seems that the Union government is looking at enhancing entrepreneurs ’ access to debt to allow them to revive existing ventures or start new ones .
This , it is believed , will help small business ( and therefore the economy as a whole ) to get back on their feet .
This is critical , given the dismal first quarter growth numbers this fiscal—in the April to June period , the economy hit rock bottom , with a 23.9 per cent contraction .
As per the RBI ’ s instructions , banks are required to extend 40 per cent of their advances to sectors which have been named in the central bank ’ s priority list .
In the last fiscal , banks exceeded the benchmark—the public sector with 41.05 per cent , the private sector with 40.32 per cent and foreign banks 40.81 per cent .
However , this was less than the previous fiscal ’ s average of 42.6 percent .
Renewed energy This year , the central bank has broadened the areas it identifies as ‘ priority sectors ’ , tailoring its list to the government ’ s ‘ self-reliance ’ campaign to give more access to funds to projects at the bottom of the pyramid .
For instance , the ministry of new and renewable energy has reworked the PM-Kusum scheme , allowing farmers to invest in solar plants at the feeder stage .
The idea is to eliminate the burden of subsidies being extended by state governments for irrigation , in the next 3-4 years .
The RBI is making it easier for farmers to get debt for the same .
Else , banks are ultra-cautious in extending debt to the power sector .
Apart from the three new sectors listed by the RBI , the circular also pushes banks to increase lending to small and marginal farmers and the weaker sections of society .
Banks have been incentivised to give higher weight to the identified backward districts .
Along with this , the credit limits of farmer producer organisations ( FPOs ) and farmer producer companies ( FPCs ) have also been enhanced .
The three recent ordinances reforming the farm sector—the Farmers ’ Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation ) Ordinance , 2020 , the Farmers ’ ( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Ordinance , 2020 and the Essential Commodities ( Amendment ) Ordinance Act 2020—already have larger roles for these new outfits , and better credit facilities will obviously allow them to flourish .
As a result of the lockdown , various businesses were either wiped out , or have been finding it enormously difficult to get back on their feet .
The new list is aimed at providing funds for new business development .
A boost for start-ups The most interesting entrant to the RBI ’ s priority list is start-ups .
There are roughly 420,000 start ups in India , out of which 34,569 are registered with the department for promotion of industry and internal trade .
At present , most start-ups looking for debt either have to look to the informal sector or to equity infusions from venture capitalists or foreign funds .
These options are expensive .
Start-ups need a permanent source of funds for their growth .
If they get access to capital ( as debt ) from banks , it will cut down their cost of operations .
Their positioning in the priority list of banks will make administrative burdens like paper work much less cumbersome as well .
However , it will not be easy for banks to start lending to start-ups right from the word ‘ go ’ .
Commercial bankers look for assurance of returns—they will want security , collaterals or cash flows .
They also may not have the bandwidth to understand or evaluate the risks and revenue matrix .
Ideally , bankers would look for the credit guarantee mechanism—as provided in MUDRA and PM Svanidhi Yojna—provided to small entrepreneurs .
The RBI circular indicated the ticket size of Rs 50 crore debt for start-ups , which is huge .
The proof of the pudding in its eating .
The RBI ’ s data next year will be much awaited to see how much risk banks took to understand the start-ups and to extend debt for their needs .
Subscribe to the daily newsletter for sharp insights delivered straight to your inbox https : //www.indiatoday.in/newsletter Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Covid : Why you should take happy hypoxia seriously 'Faulty refrigerator ' spoils 480 doses of Covishield in Rajasthan 's Banswara Pandemic propels Auckland to top of EIU ’ s most liveable cities ranking Ladakh Covid warriors ride JCB machine to cross river , Twitter salutes brave effort Meet The Dominican Who Sings About Mehul Choksi After Jitin Prasada 's exit , now rumblings in Rajasthan Congress Mamata Banerjee meets Rakesh Tikait , extends support to farmers ' protest Exclusive | Barbara Jarabica says Mehul Choksi flirted with her , gifted fake diamond rings , bracelets Uddhav Thackeray meets PM Modi over Maratha quota , GST compensation Jitin Prasada reacts after joining BJP , says no point being in Congress GB Pant Hospital offers apologies to staff over controversial 'no Malayalam ' circular Nepal stops distribution of Coronil kits gifted by Patanjali Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
