Topics farmers protest | agriculture economy | central government Sanjeeb Mukherjee | New Delhi Last Updated at December 3 , 2020 00:44 IST https : //mybs.in/2YSWU0S The central government is open to considering some suggestions from farmers on ways to improve the three agricultural Acts but will not repeal them as they have been passed by Parliament , sources said .
The bigger question of incorporating any provision that could give a legal standing to the minimum support price ( MSP ) is also not being considered at this stage as that will dilute the freeing up the market , the sources added .
“ Any legislation is not an end in itself and there is always scope for improvement and if farmers ’ groups feel that their advice can better the ... Key stories on business-standard.com are available to premium subscribers only .
MONTHLY STAR Note : Subscription will be auto renewed , you may cancel any time in the future without any questions asked .
SMART ANNUAL Note : Subscription will be auto renewed , you may cancel any time in the future without any questions asked .
Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
