the fully loaded magazine In view of the Bharat Bandh today , called by farmers protesting for the repeal of new farm laws , traffic movement at the Ghazipur border has been affected .
Delhi Traffic Police issued a traffic alert on Twitter saying people should avoid the Delhi to Uttar Pradesh Ghazipur border stretch in view of bharat bandh protest .
The Samyukt Kisan Morcha , an umbreall body of protesting unions , have given a call for the bandh .
Traffic details : In a tweet , the Delhi Traffic Police said , `` Traffic movement is closed on Ghazipur Border NH-24 ( Both carriageways ) . ''
The one side of the carriageway was earlier opened on March 15 for traffic .
However , the other side from Ghaziabad towards Delhi is closed since the farmers ' protest started .
The Delhi Police has said adequate security arrangements have been put in place in view of the bandh .
Delhi Police PRO Chinmoy Biswal had said there will be intense patrolling to maintain peace in the national capital .
`` There will be adequate security arrangements in all police districts during the bandh .
`` The patrolling staff will roam in their area throughout the day and their focus will be to maintain peace in busy marketplaces , '' Biswal had said .
The nationwide shutdown will start at 6 am and it will be in force up to 6 pm across the country to mark four months of the farmers ' agitation on Delhi 's three borders -- Singhu , Ghazipur and Tikri , farmer leaders had said .
The Morcha said the bandh will also be observed in the national capital .
Thousands of farmers , mainly from Punjab , Haryana and western Uttar Pradesh , have been camping at Singhu , Tikri and Ghazipur borders demanding a complete repeal of the three farm laws and a legal guarantee for minimum support price on their crops .
With PTI inputs Subscribe to Outlook ’ s Newsletter Covid-19 : Highest Surge In Six States ; Check Number Of Cases And Restrictions Here Heavy Rains Lash Mumbai ; Streets , Rail Tracks Flooded Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed , 18 Injured As Residential Building Collapses Delhi ’ s Draft Master Plan 2041 Focuses On Environment , Economy , Mobility And Heritage Govt Issues Guidelines On Covid Management In Children , Here Are The Recommendations Road To Delhi Starts From UP ‘ BJP Will Come Back To Power In UP… The Party Will Keep Coming Back ’ To Make Tea , Add Water Lakshadweep Isn ’ t Maldives Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed in Residential Building Collapse Farmers ' Protest And Covid : Under The Anxious Summer Sky Jitin Prasada Joins BJP : Bad Optics For Congress , But Jitin Is No Jyotiraditya Battle For UP : Can A Divided , Dithering Opposition Challenge Yogi ?
BJP ’ s Karnataka Conundrum : If Not Yediyurappa , Then Who ?
'Ring Of Fire ' On June 10 : India To Miss Out On Celestial Event How Can You Identify Brain Tumor Early ?
How Much Would You Pay For A Kidney ?
Himachal ’ s Covid Infection Rate Drops To 5.3 % ; CM Apprises Amit Shah Of Situation French Open : Coco Gauff Makes Breakthrough In Paris At 17 ENG Vs NZ , 1st Test : Dom Sibley Stands Firm A England Dig In For Drab Draw Nutrition in COVID-19 times The Body Says What Words Can not : Dancing Docs Cheer Himachal Patients Up Save Food- Feed India Cricket Is All About Risk Management : Jos Buttler After First IPL Century If you are not a subscriber ?
Sign Up If you are a existing subscriber ?
Sign In OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below
