Topics farmers | farmer protests | Agriculture ANI Last Updated at September 18 , 2020 11:19 IST https : //mybs.in/2YQKXNP Kisan Mazdoor Sangharsh Committee has announced to hold `` rail roko '' agitation from September 24 to September 26 to lodge their protest against the three agriculture ordinances passed by the Union Cabinet .
`` We have decided to hold a rail roko agitation from September 24 to 26 against the three agriculture ordinances , '' Kisan Mazdoor Sangharsh Committee General Secretary Sarwan Singh Pandher told ANI here on Thursday.document.write ( `` < ! -- '' ) ; if ( isUserBanner== '' free '' & & ( displayConBanner==1 ) ) document.write ( `` -- > '' ) ; googletag.cmd.push ( function ( ) { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot ( '/6516239/outofpage_1x1_desktop ' , 'div-gpt-ad-1490771277198-0 ' ) .addService ( googletag.pubads ( ) ) ; googletag.pubads ( ) .enableSyncRendering ( ) ; googletag.enableServices ( ) ; } ) ; The committee had also staged a protest in Amritsar earlier this week against ordinances .
`` Those who are saying the ordinances will help the farmers are lying .
On the contrary , we will become the pawns of corporates .
We appeal to Prime Minister Narendra Modi to listen to us .
And request all farmers throughout the country to come out and stand against these ordinances , '' Pandher had said earlier .
This comes after three ordinances were promulgated to usher in agricultural reforms for raising the income of the farmers and giving them more freedom to sell their produce .
Besides Punjab , farmer protests have been witnessed in Telangana and Haryana .
Notably , the move has also brought differences between allies Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) and the Shiromani Akali Dal ( SAD ) , which has also opposed the ordinances .
Displaying her opposition to the Bills tabled by the NDA government , SAD leader and Union Food Processing Minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal had on Thursday evening resigned from the Union Cabinet .
Sources in the government said that as politics in Punjab is agriculture dominated and revolves around the agri-economy , SAD was under pressure to take an anti-government stand on the bill .
Punjab will go to the polls in about one-and-half-years .
Meanwhile , the Lower House of the Parliament , Lok Sabha , on Thursday passed two bills related to `` reforms '' in agriculture marketing after a debate with Union Agriculture Minister Narendra Singh Tomar stating that the legislation will `` end licence raj '' and farmers will be free to sell their agricultural produce as per their own choice .
BJP ally SAD , along with several opposition parties including the Congress , strongly opposed the two Bills .
The President had on June 5 this year promulgated Farmers ' Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion & Facilitation ) Ordinance 2020 , Farmers ( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Ordinance 2020 and the Essential Commodities ( Amendment ) Ordinance Act , 2020 .
( Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff ; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed . )
Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
