Topics Narendra Singh Tomar | Farmers protests Press Trust of India | New Delhi Last Updated at February 22 , 2021 22:51 IST https : //mybs.in/2Zc7w8N Samkyukta Kisan Morcha , an umbrella body of protesting farm unions , on Monday accused Union Agriculture Minister Narendra Singh Tomar of `` insulting '' farmers by his remarks that mere gathering of a crowd does not lead to revocation of the three farm laws .
In a statement , the Morcha alleged that the current protests are a consequence of `` deep unhappiness '' and anger that was allowed to build up in farmers ' minds by the government.document.write ( `` < ! -- '' ) ; if ( isUserBanner== '' free '' & & ( displayConBanner==1 ) ) document.write ( `` -- > '' ) ; googletag.cmd.push ( function ( ) { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot ( '/6516239/outofpage_1x1_desktop ' , 'div-gpt-ad-1490771277198-0 ' ) .addService ( googletag.pubads ( ) ) ; googletag.pubads ( ) .enableSyncRendering ( ) ; googletag.enableServices ( ) ; } ) ; On Sunday , Tomar had reiterated that the Centre was ready to talk to the farmers protesting against the new agriculture laws , and said that mere gathering of a crowd does not lead to revocation of legislations .
`` Today , farmers are getting support pouring in from all sides , nationally and internationally .
The protestors are not a crowd , but our annadatas , thanks to whom we are all alive today , including people in the government .
`` The party in power collected votes from this very crowd and this sort of insulting attitude towards our farmers is highly condemnable , '' the SKM said in statement .
It also stated , `` Tomar insulted the farmers ' movement by saying that 'laws can not be repealed by collecting a crowd ' . ''
Thousands of farmers , mostly from Punjab , Haryana and Western Uttar Pradesh , have been camping at three Delhi border points -- - Singhu , Ghazipur and Tikri -- - for over the last 85 days , demanding a complete of three farm laws and a legal guarantee on the minimum support price for their crops .
Morcha in statement congratulated the Khap leaders in several places in Uttar Pradesh for standing in solidarity with the farmers ' movement .
( Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff ; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed . )
Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
