Jump to navigation Speak Now A team of crime branch has reached Shamli district in Uttar Pradesh to record statements and carry out searches in connection with the case against Tablighi Jamaat Chief Maulana Saad , sources said .
India Today TV has learnt that the team will record statements of individuals who have been continuously in touch with the Islamic cleric .
Crime branch officials are also expected to conduct searches at the farmhouse at Kandhla area of Shamli .
Senior officials have asked the crime branch team to conduct enquiry only after wearing personal protective equipment ( PPE ) kits .
Maulana Saad claimed earlier that he is in quarantine and has not submitted his medical report to the police to clarify whether he is Covid-19 positive or not .
Over a dozen officials of the forensic department and the Delhi Police have already been put under self-quarantine after they visited the premises of the Nizamuddin Markaz to collect evidence on Sunday .
The final call on whether Maulana Saad should be arrested or not will be taken only after his questioning , sources said .
It is alleged that Maulana Saad disregarded government guidelines that were issued in the wake of the coronavirus outbreak .
Despite police warnings , he allegedly allowed a religious congregation to be organised at Nizamuddin Markaz in March .
Thousands of people from across the country and hundreds of foreigners were a part of the congregation , which became the single-largest cluster of Covid-19 cases in India .
According to the Union Home Ministry , over 4,200 positive Covid-19 cases have links to people who attended the Nizamuddin Markaz event .
Over 25,000 people who came in contact with those who attended have been quarantined across the country .
On the other hand , a representative of the Markaz refuted allegations that Maulana Saad is absconding and informed media that if police asks him to appear for questioning , the chief will be available .
The Delhi Police Crime Branch had on March 31 lodged an FIR against seven people , including the cleric , on a complaint by the Station House Officer of Nizamuddin police station for holding the congregation in alleged violation of the orders against large gatherings to contain the spread of coronavirus .
Later , the Indian Penal Code Section 304 ( culpable homicide not amounting to murder ) was added to the FIR .
Also Read | Coronavirus : Total cases near 18,000 , states cautious in easing lockdown restrictions Also Watch | Misinformation causing communal psychosis ?
Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Covid : Why you should take happy hypoxia seriously 'Faulty refrigerator ' spoils 480 doses of Covishield in Rajasthan 's Banswara Pandemic propels Auckland to top of EIU ’ s most liveable cities ranking Ladakh Covid warriors ride JCB machine to cross river , Twitter salutes brave effort Meet The Dominican Who Sings About Mehul Choksi After Jitin Prasada 's exit , now rumblings in Rajasthan Congress Mamata Banerjee meets Rakesh Tikait , extends support to farmers ' protest Exclusive | Barbara Jarabica says Mehul Choksi flirted with her , gifted fake diamond rings , bracelets Uddhav Thackeray meets PM Modi over Maratha quota , GST compensation Nusrat Jahan says marriage with Nikhil Jain not legal in India Congress implodes : First Scindia , now Prasada and next Sachin Pilot ?
World Environment Day : Youngsters Plant Cannabis In Kerala Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
