the fully loaded magazine BJP ’ s Abohar MLA Arun Narang was allegedly thrashed and his clothes torn by a group of farmers at Malout in Punjab ’ s Muktsar district on Saturday , police said .
When Narang reached Malout along with local leaders to address a press conference , they got surrounded by a group of protesting farmers and black ink was thrown at them and at their vehicles , officials said .
Some police personnel took the MLA and local leaders to a shop .
But later when they came out of it , the protesters allegedly thrashed Narang and tore his clothes , police said .
Policemen escorting Narang faced a tough time in protecting him from the protesters .
The legislator was later escorted to a safe place by the police , officials said .
Deputy Superintendent of Police ( Malout ) Jaspal Singh said the protesters were adamant that they would not allow the BJP legislators to hold the press conference .
A video has surfaced on social media , purportedly showing the MLA in torn clothes being shifted to a safer place by the police .
Later , Narang told PTI that he was `` punched '' by some people .
`` I was punched a lot and my clothes were also torn off , '' he alleged .
The BJP legislator said he had gone to Malout to address a press conference but the protesters did not allow it .
They got violent and surrounded him , the MLA claimed .
Asked whether he has lodged a complaint in this matter , Narang said he will talk to the party leadership over this issue .
Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh strongly condemned the alleged attack on Narang and also warned of strict action against anyone trying to disturb peace in the state .
Chief Minister @ capt_amarinder Singh condemns attack on BJP MLA from Abohar , warns of strict action against anyone disturbing state ’ s peace .
CM also urges Prime Minister @ narendramodi to intervene for early resolution of farmers ’ crisis to prevent further escalation of situation .
He urged the farmers not to indulge in such acts of violence , and appealed to Prime Minister Narendra Modi to urgently resolve the crisis triggered by the passage of farm laws in parliament last year to prevent the situation from escalating .
The chief minister directed the police chief to take strict action against the perpetrators of the incident , who also clashed with the police personnel trying to rescue the legislator .
Superintendent of Police ( Headquarters ) , Faridkot , was injured while trying to save and evacuate the MLA .
He suffered a cane blow on his head , causing his turban to fall off .
He was admitted in Civil Hospital , Malout , the CM said in a statement .
The DGP said a criminal case will be registered against the suspects and statements of local BJP leaders were being recorded .
Amarinder Singh said while protesting is the democratic right of the farmers , violence of any sorts would not be tolerated .
Reacting to the demand for his resignation by Punjab BJP leaders , he said instead of trying to take political mileage from Saturday 's incident , they should put pressure on their central leadership to withdraw the contentious farm laws .
Punjab Assembly Speaker Rana KP Singh also strongly condemned the alleged attack on Narang at Malout .
`` It is not only unacceptable , but highly condemnable that an elected representative of the people was mercilessly thrashed in full public view , '' he said .
Darshan Pal , the leader of Samyukta Kisan Morcha , an umbrella body of farmers ' union spearheading the agitation against the central agri laws , said , `` Today , farmers protested against BJP MLA from Abohar .
Under adverse circumstances , it turned violent and the MLA was physically assaulted .
`` It is a matter of regret that an elected representative was treated this way .
We do not encourage such behaviour .
We strongly condemn this act , '' he said in a statement .
Pal also said the Samyukta Kisan Morcha appeals to all protesters to remain peaceful and disciplined .
The ruling Congress in Punjab , the BJP , as well as the Shiromani Akali Dal ( SAD ) condemned the incident .
Such `` unlawful behaviour '' has no place in a democracy and the farmers ' protest will be weakened by these incidents , State Congress chief Sunil Jakhar said .
BJP national general secretary Tarun Chugh slammed the Amarinder Singh-led government over the incident and claimed that it has `` exposed the complete collapse of law and order in the state '' .
Describing the incident as a `` murderous attack '' on Narang , he accused the ruling Congress of engineering it .
Amarinder Singh was `` instigating such attacks in order to stifle the voice of the BJP '' , Chugh alleged and demanded that the chief minister resign .
SAD chief Sukhbir Singh Badal termed the `` violent attack '' on Narang `` deplorable '' and demanded an impartial inquiry to fix the responsibility for the `` failure '' of the police in protecting the dignity of an elected representative .
He appealed to everyone to exercise restraint to ensure that peace and communal harmony in the state was not disturbed .
Notably , BJP leaders have been facing the ire of farmers for the last several months in the state .
Agitating farmers have been opposing the programmes of the saffron party leaders in the state over the farm laws issue .
Thousands of farmers have been protesting since late November at Delhi borders with Haryana and Uttar Pradesh , demanding a rollback of the farm laws .
( With PTI inputs . )
Subscribe to Outlook ’ s Newsletter BSF And BGB Celebrate Ties With Soccer Match Heavy Rains Lash Mumbai ; Streets , Rail Tracks Flooded Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed , 18 Injured As Residential Building Collapses Delhi ’ s Draft Master Plan 2041 Focuses On Environment , Economy , Mobility And Heritage Govt Issues Guidelines On Covid Management In Children , Here Are The Recommendations Road To Delhi Starts From UP ‘ BJP Will Come Back To Power In UP… The Party Will Keep Coming Back ’ To Make Tea , Add Water Lakshadweep Isn ’ t Maldives Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed in Residential Building Collapse Farmers ' Protest And Covid : Under The Anxious Summer Sky Jitin Prasada Joins BJP : Bad Optics For Congress , But Jitin Is No Jyotiraditya Battle For UP : Can A Divided , Dithering Opposition Challenge Yogi ?
BJP ’ s Karnataka Conundrum : If Not Yediyurappa , Then Who ?
'Ring Of Fire ' On June 10 : India To Miss Out On Celestial Event How Can You Identify Brain Tumor Early ?
How Much Would You Pay For A Kidney ?
Himachal ’ s Covid Infection Rate Drops To 5.3 % ; CM Apprises Amit Shah Of Situation French Open : Coco Gauff Makes Breakthrough In Paris At 17 ENG Vs NZ , 1st Test : Dom Sibley Stands Firm A England Dig In For Drab Draw Nutrition in COVID-19 times The Body Says What Words Can not : Dancing Docs Cheer Himachal Patients Up Save Food- Feed India Cricket Is All About Risk Management : Jos Buttler After First IPL Century If you are not a subscriber ?
Sign Up If you are a existing subscriber ?
Sign In OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below
