Topics Delhi Police | farmers ' protest Press Trust of India | New Delhi Last Updated at November 30 , 2020 22:04 IST https : //mybs.in/2YRwgW8 A day after the agitating farmers threatened to block all entry points to the national capital , the Delhi Police on Monday enhanced security deployment at all the borders points connecting the city with neighbouring states of Haryana and Uttar Pradesh .
Rejecting the Centre 's offer to hold talks once they move to the Burari ground , the farmers protesting against the new agricultural reform laws have been staying put at Tikri , Singhu and Ghazipur borders.document.write ( `` < ! -- '' ) ; if ( isUserBanner== '' free '' & & ( displayConBanner==1 ) ) document.write ( `` -- > '' ) ; googletag.cmd.push ( function ( ) { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot ( '/6516239/outofpage_1x1_desktop ' , 'div-gpt-ad-1490771277198-0 ' ) .addService ( googletag.pubads ( ) ) ; googletag.pubads ( ) .enableSyncRendering ( ) ; googletag.enableServices ( ) ; } ) ; '' Delhi Police has strengthened its presence at various border points in the wake of the farmers protest .
All internal and outside forces have been mobilised to the maximum , '' a senior police officer said .
Delhi Police Commissioner S N Shrivastava visited Singhu border to take stock of the security arrangements .
`` They ( farmers ) have been given an offer and the arrangements are better at the Burari instead on the road .
On the road , there are issues for commuting .
Here , there is no toilet or water , whereas the arrangements in Burari are better .
The police have made good arrangements and we are ready for any situation , '' he said .
Addressing a press conference at Singhu border on Monday , a representative of protesting farmers said they want Prime Minister Narendra Modi to listen to their `` mann ki baat '' .
`` Our demands are non-negotiable , '' he said and claimed that the ruling party `` will have to pay a heavy price '' if it does not heed to their concerns .
`` We have come here to fight a decisive battle , '' he added .
On the other hand , a small fraction of agitating farmers at Tikri border moved to Burari ground in north Delhi , the place allotted to them by the Centre to protest peacefully .
Another senior police officer from outer district of Delhi Police , who has been overseeing the security arrangements at the Tikri border , said the situation remains peaceful at the border and the protestors have not yet entered the national capital .
There is heavy security deployment with multi-layered barricades as a precautionary measure .
`` The situation remains peaceful , but the protestors have refused to proceed to Burari ground .
Multi-layered barricades are in place at the border .
But the farmers are still at the border and have not entered Delhi .
They said they will decide on their further course of action on December 3 as a delegation of the farmers has been invited for discussion , the officer said .
Cemented barriers and multi-layered barricades have also been put up at Ghazipur border near UP gate where many farmers have been protesting since Saturday .
`` The protestors do not wish to go to Burari ground and want to carry out their protest at Jantar Mantar .
If not , they will not move from here and continue to protest at UP Gate , '' a senior police officer from east district said .
The security deployment has also been enhanced on the Delhi-Gurgaon border in view of Delhi Chalo ' march call given by various farmer groups .
As a preventative measure , the Delhi Police has also intensified checking of vehicles at the border points , leading to heavy traffic snarls .
Deputy Commissioner of Police ( Southwest ) Ingit Pratap Singh said , `` We have not received any inputs on farmers coming here , but as a precautionary measure , we have deployed our forces . ''
Union Home Minister Amit Shah had appealed to the farmers to shift to the Burari ground and said the Centre was ready to hold discussions with them as soon as they move to the designated place .
A meeting of over 30 farmer groups had on Sunday rejected Shah 's offer for talks before the scheduled date of December 3 and demanded an unconditional dialogue .
( Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff ; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed . )
Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
