Topics MSP | farmers | Rajnath Singh Press Trust of India | New Delhi Last Updated at October 1 , 2020 19:08 IST https : //mybs.in/2YQwxCJ Seeking to allay concerns of farmers over a new set of legislations amid continuing protests by some parties , senior union minister Rajnath Singh on Thursday assured the farm community that the MSP ( minimum support price ) will not only stay , but it will also be continuously increased too in coming years .
He also assured that no one can claim ownership of farmers ' land in lieu of contract farming and said there are enough measures in the legislations to safeguard the interests of farmers .
Opposition parties have alleged that farmers would be left at the mercy of corporates under the new laws , which have come into effect after the passage of three key bills in the recent monsoon session of Parliament .
Hitting out at Congress and other opposition parties , Singh said they are trying to create misunderstandings about the farm bills passed by Parliament .
He also attacked Congress for the burning of a tractor by protesters from their youth wing .
`` A tractor was burnt .
What is its logic ?
As weapons are sacred and respectable for soldiers , similarly tractors are to farmers .
And I know this being a farmer , in any eventuality farmer will never burn his tractor .
This was done by a political party for its political interest , '' he said .
The Congress ' youth wing activists on Monday had set a tractor ablaze near India Gate in the national capital , a few hundred metres from the Rashtrapati Bhavan and Parliament , to protest the contentious farm laws .
Talking to a select group of journalists , the Defence Minister said , `` Being a farmer 's son myself , I want to make it clear that the Modi government will never do anything that is not in the interest of farmers .
And these agriculture-related bills are for economic and social empowerment of farmers . ''
Singh also accused the Opposition of creating a misunderstanding among people about the minimum support price ( MSP ) mechanism and the mandi system and categorically said that both will stay .
`` I want to assure farmers that the MSP will stay and rather it will be continuously increased in the coming years , in any case , it will not be abolished , '' he said adding that MSP in oilseeds and pulses increased by 23 times during the BJP-led NDA government .
On amendment in the APMC Act , Rajnath said the government is not ending the mandi system and rather it is giving more options to farmers to sell their produce including at more mandis .
He also said that at times farmers were charged taxes and did not get the right MSP in mandis , but the new law will provide them more options to sell their produce .
Talking about contract farming , Singh said enough provisions have been made in the new law to safeguard the interests of farmers .
Farmers will get the price of their produce as decided by them in the contract , and sufficient provisions have been incorporated to ensure that the price does not go below the contracted rate , he said .
Singh further said if prices of their produce rise at a later stage , farmers will also get proportionately higher payments .
Accusing the Opposition of creating misapprehensions about the new law that it poses a threat to farmers ' land , Singh said , `` No power , in any case , can claim ownership of farmers ' land using this bill .
Enough measures have been made to safeguard the interests of farmers .
`` document.write ( `` < ! -- '' ) ; if ( isUserBanner== '' free '' & & ( displayConBanner==1 ) ) document.write ( `` -- > '' ) ; googletag.cmd.push ( function ( ) { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot ( '/6516239/outofpage_1x1_desktop ' , 'div-gpt-ad-1490771277198-0 ' ) .addService ( googletag.pubads ( ) ) ; googletag.pubads ( ) .enableSyncRendering ( ) ; googletag.enableServices ( ) ; } ) ; '' I appeal to all farmers ' organisations that if they have any issue please come and talk with us .
We are ready to listen to their suggestions for the welfare of farmers .
I have already started talking to farmers organisations to clear misgivings and misconceptions , '' he said .
The government has been under attack from the Opposition for the passage of three farms bill in the recently held monsoon session of Parliament .
The government presented these bills as pro-farmers , saying these will ensure that farmers get better prices for their produce and do not get subjected to regulations of 'mandis ' .
It has also said that farmers will be now free to sell their produce to anyone and these legislations will increase competition and promote private investment , which will help in the development of farm infrastructure and generate employment .
However , opposition parties have slammed the bills as `` anti-farmers '' , claiming that the agriculture sector will be left to the fate of corporate interests .
President Ram Nath Kovind has already given assent to the three farm bills -- The Farmers '' Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation ) Bill , 2020 , The Farmers ( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement of Price Assurance and Farm Services Bill , 2020 and The Essential Commodities ( Amendment ) Bill , 2020 .
( Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff ; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed . )
Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
