Thursday , Jun 10 , 2021 | Last Update : 08:30 AM IST New Delhi : The farmers ’ leaders protesting against the Centre ’ s three agriculture-related laws have decided to write to British political leaders and MPs to ask them to stop Prime Minister Boris Johnson -- who has been invited to be the chief guest at next month ’ s Republic Day celebrations -- from travelling to India till their demands are met .
“ The UK Prime Minister is scheduled to visit India on January 26 .
We are writing to British MPs asking them to stop him from visiting India till the time the farmers ’ demands are not met by the Indian government , ” one of the farmers ’ leaders , Kulwant Singh Sandhu , said .
Johnson has accepted India ’ s invitation to be the chief guest .
He will become the second British PM at the event , after John Major in 1993 .
Johnson has invited India to join the G-7 summit in Britain next year .
The agitating farmers have so far given a sense that they will not accept anything other than a complete rollback of the three laws .
The farmers ’ leaders on Tuesday decided to take a call on the Centre ’ s letter inviting them for another round of talks after a meeting on Wednesday .
Meanwhile , at the Singhu border , a group of farmers wrote a letter with their blood to the Prime Minister urging him to immediately repeal the new laws .
The letter said : “ Good morning Narendra Modi ji , we are writing this letter with our blood .
You are the Prime Minister of our country , elected by our votes .
By passing these three laws , the farmers have been betrayed .
We request you to take back these laws. ” Besides the letter , some even wrote messages with their blood , that read : “ We reject black laws… take back black laws ” .
In a letter to 40 farmers ’ leaders on Sunday , agriculture ministry joint secretary Vivek Aggarwal had asked them to specify their concerns over the government ’ s earlier proposal of amendments in the laws and to choose a convenient date for the next round of talks so that the ongoing agitation could end at the earliest .
Agriculture minister Narendra Singh Tomar said the Centre was ready to continue talks with the protesting farmers , “ clause by clause , with an open mind ” .
Interacting with the foreign media , he said the agriculture sector was the backbone of India ’ s economy and under the leadership of Prime Minister Modi the focus was on doubling farmers ’ income by 2022 .
The minister also said enacting the reform laws was not an overnight move but had been done after more than two decades of deliberations , suggested by numerous experts and recommendations by various committees .
As the agitation entered the 27th day , a group of farmers showed black flags to Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar when his convoy was passing through Ambala city .
Some farmers reportedly tried to block the CM ’ s convoy , but the police managed to provide safe passage to Mr Khattar .
Khattar had come to Ambala to address public meetings in support of the BJP ’ s mayoral and ward candidates for the coming civic polls .
The farmers waived black flags at the CM ’ s convoy as it was crossing Agrasen Chowk .
They also raised slogans against the government and said they would continue to protest till the three farm laws were not repealed .
The farmers had also tried to block the Ambala-Hisar highway .
The ongoing agitation has caused a lot of traffic disruptions in the Delhi-NCR region .
Vehicular movement on the Delhi-Meerut expressway was completely halted at around 7.30 am Tuesday as the protesters blocked all its carriageways .
The Delhi traffic police used its Twitter handle to update the public about the closure of the carriageways at the Ghazipur-Ghaziabad border .
The sudden blockade of the expressway prompted the Delhi and Uttar Pradesh police to divert traffic to alternate borders , such as the ones at Anand Vihar , Bhopra and Apsara .
As the blockade may lead to traffic chaos during morning office hours , officials from the Uttar Pradesh administration and the Delhi police are discussing the reopening of at least one carriageway with the protesting farmers .
Those protesting at the UP Gate border have occupied the expressway ’ s carriageway and service roads going towards Delhi from Ghaziabad since they began their agitation last month .
This is the second time since Monday afternoon that the expressway has been completely blocked by the farmers , who are alleging several farmers from Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand were stopped from proceeding to the Delhi borders to join the agitation .
The Singhu and Tikri borders , where thousands are protesting , continue to remain closed while one carriageway at the Chilla ( Delhi-Noida link road ) border is open for vehicles entering Delhi from Noida .
Motorists going to Noida are being diverted to other borders like DND , Kalindi Kunj , New Ashok Nagar , Kondli and Dallupura .
We have updated our Privacy and Cookie Policy .
If you continue to use our site , you agree to the updated Policies .
