Discover Thomson Reuters By Mayank Bhardwaj , Nigam Prusty 3 Min Read NEW DELHI ( Reuters ) - Ministers and representatives of thousands of protesting farmers failed to break a deadlock over a set of new farm laws at a meeting on Tuesday , but both sides were set to meet again on Thursday , a farmers ’ leader and the government said .
Growers from India ’ s big northern farming states have been camped outside Delhi for nearly a week , demonstrating against laws they fear could pave the way for the government to stop buying grain at guaranteed prices , leaving them at the mercy of private buyers .
The demonstrations have also led to a diplomatic row between India and Canada after Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau spoke of the protests in a video message on Monday , saying his government had reached out to Indian authorities .
“ Canada will always be there to defend the right of peaceful protest , ” he said .
In response , India ’ s foreign ministry said Canadian leaders were “ ill-informed ” .
“ Such comments are unwarranted , especially when pertaining to the internal affairs of a democratic country , ” ministry spokesman Anurag Srivastava said in a press briefing .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi ’ s government has defended the bills enacted in September as a way to rid the vast agriculture sector of antiquated procurement procedures and to allow farmers to sell to institutional buyers and big international retailers .
India ’ s vast farm sector contributes nearly 15 % of the country ’ s $ 2.9 trillion economy and employs around half its 1.3 billion people .
In talks on Tuesday that lasted several hours , Agriculture & Farmers Welfare Minister Narendra Singh Tomar and Trade Minister Piyush Goyal met more than 30 farmers ’ representatives , a government official said .
Farm groups say the government was trying to end a decades-old policy of providing them with an assured minimum price for producing staples , such as wheat and rice .
The ministers offered to form an expert committee to look into the grower ’ s grievances but farm leaders suggested another round of talks , the central government said in a statement .
Joginder Singh Ugrahan , a prominent farm leader , said that talks failed to make headway .
“ While the government was of the view that a committee should be formed to look into the issues raised by farmers , we insisted that the new laws should be repealed .
Because of the deadlock , everyone agreed to meet again on Dec. 3 , ” Ugharan told reporters .
The protests have intensified since last week when farmers arrived in trucks , buses and tractors at Delhi ’ s Singhu border with Haryana and blocked the main northern highway into the capital .
Reporting by Mayank Bhardwaj and Nigam Prusty ; Editing by Lincoln Fest , Editing by William Maclean Our Standards : The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles .
All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes .
See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays .
