Jump to navigation Speak Now The Supreme Court on Tuesday heard petitions related to the Centre 's three new farm laws and those concerning people 's right to free movement in the backdrop of the ongoing farmers ' protest .
In its verdict , the Supreme Court said it was putting a hold on the three farm laws till further notice .
The Supreme Court has also set up a four-member committee to give a report to the court on the farm laws .
On Monday , a bench headed by Chief Justice of India SA Bobde heard a bunch of pleas challenging the Centre 's new farm laws , besides those related to the ones raising issues of citizens ' right to move freely during the ongoing farmers ' stir .
The Supreme Court pulled up the Centre for its handling of the farmers ' protest and said it is `` extremely disappointed '' with the way negotiations between them were going .
The court also proposed setting up a committee headed by a former Chief Justice of India ( CJI ) to find ways to resolve the impasse .
Supreme Court has stayed the implementation of three farms laws until further orders .
It has also formed a four-member committee to submit a report before the court on the farm laws .
The members of the committee are : 1 .
Bhupender Singh Mann , BKU 2 .
Anil Ghanwant of Shetkari Sanghatana 3 .
Ashok Gulati , Agricultural Scientist 4 .
Pramod K Joshi of International Food Policy Research Institute # FarmLaws : Supreme Court forms a committee to hold talks https : //t.co/eIXr3WcNvA 13:30 pm : Adv AP Singh for BKU ( Lok Shakti ) suggests names of Justices Markandeya Katju and Justice Kurien Joseph to head the SC-appointed committee on farm laws .
`` It 's a matter of farmers across the country .
There must be big honesty , '' he said .
CJI said , `` We are doing it but we are not catering to everybody 's idea of what would be a good committee .
It is not for mediation .
It is for us . ''
Adv Ashish , appearing for Bhartiya Kisan Sangh , said , `` We have more than 30 lakh farmers .
We are in support of the farm laws .
We do not want a stay on the implementation of laws .
We only want the guarantee of MSP . ''
13:25 pm : SC issues notice to farmer unions over plea seeking order against tractor rally The Supreme Court has issued notice to farmer associations over the plea by Delhi Police seeking an injunction against the January 26 tractor rally .
The plea will be heard on Monday .
13:21 pm : CJI asks AG to confirm with Intelligence agencies whether allegations of `` banned organizations '' infiltrating the farmers ' protest are confirmed or not .
`` There is an application before us which says that there is a banned organisation which is helping this protest .
Can the Attorney General accept or deny it ? , says CJI .
Attorney General KK Venugopal says we have said that Khalistanis have infiltrated into the protests .
13:18 pm : Staying farm laws ' implementation not political victory , it 's \review of concerns : Salve Sr advocate Harish Salve appearing for one of the petitioners , says staying implementation of the farm laws should n't be seen as a political victory .
`` It should be seen as a serious examination of concerns expressed over the legislations , '' he said .
13:17 pm : CJI says , `` We can put in our order that no farmer 's land will be taken away . ''
12:15 pm : Can not ask PM Modi to go and meet farmers : CJI Advocate ML Sharma said the farmers are saying many persons came for discussions , but the main person , the prime minister did not come to meet the farmers .
To this , CJI Bobde said , `` We can not ask the prime minister to go .
He is not a party in the case . ''
13:12 pm : SC-appointed committee will not mediate , it will consider all issues : CJI CJI Bobde said the Supreme Court-appointed committee will not be mediating between the two factions but will be considering all the issues related to the farm laws .
13:05 pm : SC willing to suspend farm laws but , not indefinitely or without purpose : CJI we are willing to suspend the laws but not indefinitely and not without some purpose .
We do n't want these negative inputs that we just got from Sharma .
12:58 pm : Forming committee on farm laws , farmers can protest indefinitely if they want : CJI We are forming a committee so that we have a clearer picture .
We do n't want to hear arguments that farmers will not go to the committee .
We are looking to solve the problem .
If you ( farmers ) want to agitate indefinitely , you can do so : CJI SA Bobde 12:52 pm : This committee will be for us .
All of you people who are expected to solve the issue will go before this committee .
It will not pass an order or punish you , it will only submit a report to us : CJI Bobde 12:50 pm : Concerned about validity of farm laws : CJI '' We 're concerned about validity of the laws and also about protecting life and property of citizens affected by protests .
We are trying to solve the problem in accordance with the powers we have .
One of the powers we 've is to suspend the legislation and make a committee , '' the CJI said .
12:46 pm : Appearing on behalf of the farmers , Advocate ML Sharma says farmers ' arguments were not placed before the court on Monday .
`` I got a call from some of the farmers saying we are not going to withdraw demand of repeal of the farm laws .
The committee report other than withdrawal of the laws will not be accepted .
Till today , the PM has not come to meet us .
Our land will be sold to companies . ''
When CJI asked who said the farmers ' lands will be sold to the companies , ML Sharma said , `` Once a farmer enters into a contract with any corporate house , the quality of the produce will be decided .
If the farmers are unable to produce the set quality , the company will ask them to pay damages . ''
12.40 pm : The Supreme Court has started hearing the petitions challenging the three farm laws passed by the Parliament and removal of protesting farmers from Delhi 's borders .
12.15 pm : Earlier in the day , speaking to ANI about the Supreme Court hearing , Rakesh Tikait , spokesperson of Bharatiya Kisan Union , said , `` We 'll hold a core committee meeting after the Supreme Court 's order .
After this , we 'll discuss it with our legal team and decide what needs to be done . ''
12.10 pm : The Supreme Court bench headed by the CJI has assembled .
The matter related to farm laws has been listed as item number 18 .
Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Israel-Hamas truce begins after 11 days of fighting , Palestinians celebrate Why some test negative for Covid-19 despite showing symptoms How Radhe became Salman Khan ’ s most meme-worthy Eid release Black fungus : Top doctors answer all FAQs about new threat in Covid times No chaos , no queues at Mysuru crematoriums | Ground report How to register for COVID-19 vaccine on Co-WIN Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee may contest from Bhabanipur All you need to know about the latest coronavirus developments in India Covid-19 : Why no vaccine for children yet ?
How ex-servicemen from Jhunjhunu are leading a war against corona in Rajasthan The big vaccine challenge : How will India ramp up production ?
India Today Group provides Covid relief material to Salaam Baalak Trust Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
