Jump to navigation Speak Now Farmers have been protesting at Delhi borders for almost three months now .
But the main challenge , they say , is to turn the agitation into a pan-India movement .
Most farmers ' leaders are of the view that despite all their efforts through kisan panchayats and mahapanchayats in several states , the message is not percolating well , especially in southern part of the country .
Hence , they are thinking of new ways to send the message to grassroots .
While several mechanisms are being thought about how to make it a more inclusive agitation , but so far , the organisers have n't been successful .
The reason is a language barrier .
But now , farmers have found a new way of sending the message across masses and even in states which are yet not connected with the movement .
Farmers ' leader Jagtaar Singh Bajwa tells India Today TV , `` Most of our leaders deliver their speeches in either Hindi or Punjabi .
It is difficult to make people in non-Hindi speaking states understand their language .
Hence , we are now posting all important speeches with English subtitles . ''
The decision was not quite easy as there are several local dialects and providing transcripts in regional languages is not an easy job .
To overcome this challenge , a team led by young leaders has been assigned this job .
Rajkishore Singh , who looks after the co-ordination with media at Ghazipur border , explains , `` We actually want to translate the speeches in multiple languages like Bengali , Oriya , Tamil , Telegu , Malayalam and Kannada .
But it 's not possible to provide simultaneous subtitles in all these languages .
We have started with English and will provide subtitles in other languages later on . ''
While farmers have been camping at Delhi borders for over three months , their protest is n't limited just to the national capital .
Kisan panchayats and mahapanchayats are being routinely held and well-attended in several states .
Farmers ' leader Baljinder Singh Mann while explaining the new strategy says , `` We are now working as an IT cell of the entire farmers ' movement .
Our job is to track all speeches .
We keep our eyes on important points made in a particular speech .
For example , if Rakesh Tikait is addressing a crowd , then we listen to his speech through Facebook and immediately after it ends , we prepare subtitles . ''
The team is growing every day .
Its members also include college students .
Prince Das is the young brain behind it .
He says , `` We are already a team of 15-20 people .
All of them are from different backgrounds and states .
In days to come , we will have volunteers from almost all states for translation and transcription . ''
The farmers say the idea behind this is to keep spreading their message using new platforms to keep the agitation on and draw support from new quarters .
ALSO READ | Farmers will gherao Parliament if govt does not repeal agri laws : Rakesh Tikait ALSO READ | Farmers ’ protest will spread to all of India , will take out rally of 40 lakh tractors : Rakesh Tikait Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Covid : Why you should take happy hypoxia seriously 'Faulty refrigerator ' spoils 480 doses of Covishield in Rajasthan 's Banswara Pandemic propels Auckland to top of EIU ’ s most liveable cities ranking Ladakh Covid warriors ride JCB machine to cross river , Twitter salutes brave effort Meet The Dominican Who Sings About Mehul Choksi After Jitin Prasada 's exit , now rumblings in Rajasthan Congress Mamata Banerjee meets Rakesh Tikait , extends support to farmers ' protest Exclusive | Barbara Jarabica says Mehul Choksi flirted with her , gifted fake diamond rings , bracelets Uddhav Thackeray meets PM Modi over Maratha quota , GST compensation Jitin Prasada reacts after joining BJP , says no point being in Congress GB Pant Hospital offers apologies to staff over controversial 'no Malayalam ' circular Nepal stops distribution of Coronil kits gifted by Patanjali Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
