Jump to navigation Speak Now Since June this year , Maharashtra has received 1,129.3 mm of rainfall , significantly above the average of 1,036.3 mm it usually receives in this period .
This has created havoc in 10 districts in the state ’ s western and north-eastern regions .
As of this time , 47 people have been killed and about 1.23 lakh hectares of kharif crop have been destroyed .
The damage to crops amounts to about one per cent of the state ’ s total kharif crop , planted on about 141.98 lakh hectares .
The state agriculture department estimates that this damage will cause losses of about Rs 35,000 crore .
The worst-affected districts include Pune , Nashik , Beed , Sangli , Solapur , Osmanabad , Gadchiroli , Chandrapur , Bhandara and Raigad .
Standing crops of soya bean , onion , cotton , paddy , bajra and vegetables have been heavily damaged , and farmers also report significant erosion of topsoil due to the unexpected rain , posing additional difficulties for the rabi season .
In Solapur district , which has the highest number of sugar mills in the state—65 of 183—sugarcane growers say they are worried about problems transporting their produce to the mills , with many roads damaged beyond repair .
And with the supply of sugarcane affected , sugar mill owners say they will not be in a position to start production in the new season around Diwali .
“ In a rare situation , we have an ample supply of water but [ no crop ] —earnings will be affected if the sugar [ production ] season is delayed , ” says Vinod Shinde , a sugarcane producer from Barshi , Solapur .
In north Maharashtra , the excess rain has led to the rotting of cotton bolls ( cotton still on the plant ) which will directly affect the first plucking .
( Normally , cotton plants are harvested in four batches during the harvesting season . )
An assessment by the state agriculture department says that as a result of the rain damage , the quality of cotton will be low after first plucking , leading to farmers getting lower prices for their produce .
The Union government had announced minimum support prices of Rs 5,515 and Rs 5,825 per quintal for cotton of medium and staple qualities , respectively .
“ As the cotton harvested will be of low quality , farmers are set to lose an average Rs 1,000 per quintal , ” says an agriculture official .
BY THE NUMBERS Rainfall since June : 1,129.3 mm People killed : 47 Crops damaged : 1.23 lakh hectares Estimated loss : Rs 35,000 crore Vegetable farmers from Pune express similar concerns .
As tomato , cauliflower and cabbage crops have suffered significant damage , markets will also be heavily affected .
Deepak Bhise , president of the Tomato Growers Association of Junnar , predicts that production will be hit for the next three months as many crops have been destroyed by the incessant rain .
Quick assistance unlikely There has been a growing chorus of demands for financial assistance for affected farmers .
Though the state government has started an assessment of losses , this proceeds at a snail ’ s pace .
Officials from the relief and rehabilitation department say they are unable to visit farms due to bad weather .
Farmers have also faced difficulties in submitting proof of damaged crops—like photographs—for insurance payments for destroyed harvests .
Dr Ajit Navale , state general secretary , All India Kisan Sabha , has demanded relief payments of Rs 20,000 per acre for affected farmers .
Sharad Pawar , president of Nationalist Congress Party ( NCP ) , told reporters on October 19 in Osmanabad that he would ask chief minister Uddhav Thackeray to instruct his government to take a loan to ensure that farmers receive relief payments .
“ The damage can ’ t be compensated for [ by the state government alone ] , ” he said .
“ The state has its limitations .
We will have to approach the Centre for assistance. ” Leader of the opposition Devendra Fadnavis , who toured the affected areas for three days , says the state government can not shrug off its responsibility .
“ There is a procedure [ to be followed ] when seeking Central assistance .
The state needs to complete its assessment of the loss first. ” He alleges that the state government is not serious on providing assistance to farmers .
Chief minister Thackeray also toured an affected district—Solapur—on October 19 .
While speaking to reporters after the tour , he refused to comment on the demands for financial assistance .
“ We will complete the assessment of damage first , and then take a call on compensation. ” However , he did say that he was not averse to asking the Central government for relief funds .
“ Prime Minister Narendra Modi has assured me of any necessary help , ” he said .
One way or another , the damage to agriculture is going to heavily affect the state ’ s finances .
Maharashtra is already facing a revenue shortfall of 60 per cent in the current fiscal , and the Centre has yet to pay its share of Rs 65,000 crore in Goods and Service Tax payments .
The state government is already taking monthly loans of Rs 12,000 crore to meet its expenses .
In such a scenario , an additional burden of Rs 35,000 crore will be crippling .
Relief demanded : Rs 20,000 per acre Subscribe to the daily newsletter for sharp insights delivered straight to your inbox https : //www.indiatoday.in/newsletter Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Covid : Why you should take happy hypoxia seriously 'Faulty refrigerator ' spoils 480 doses of Covishield in Rajasthan 's Banswara Pandemic propels Auckland to top of EIU ’ s most liveable cities ranking Ladakh Covid warriors ride JCB machine to cross river , Twitter salutes brave effort Meet The Dominican Who Sings About Mehul Choksi After Jitin Prasada 's exit , now rumblings in Rajasthan Congress Mamata Banerjee meets Rakesh Tikait , extends support to farmers ' protest Exclusive | Barbara Jarabica says Mehul Choksi flirted with her , gifted fake diamond rings , bracelets Uddhav Thackeray meets PM Modi over Maratha quota , GST compensation Nusrat Jahan says marriage with Nikhil Jain not legal in India Congress implodes : First Scindia , now Prasada and next Sachin Pilot ?
World Environment Day : Youngsters Plant Cannabis In Kerala Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
