Topics Mike Pompeo | Amit Shah | Farm Bills Press Trust of India | Washington Last Updated at December 25 , 2020 08:13 IST https : //mybs.in/2YSgf7r A group of seven influential US lawmakers , including Indian-American Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal , have written to Secretary of State Mike Pompeo , urging him to raise the issue of farmers ' protest in India with his Indian counterpart .
India has called the remarks by foreign leaders and politicians on protests by farmers as `` ill-informed '' and `` unwarranted '' , asserting that the matter pertains to the internal affairs of a democratic country.document.write ( `` < ! -- '' ) ; if ( isUserBanner== '' free '' & & ( displayConBanner==1 ) ) document.write ( `` -- > '' ) ; googletag.cmd.push ( function ( ) { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot ( '/6516239/outofpage_1x1_desktop ' , 'div-gpt-ad-1490771277198-0 ' ) .addService ( googletag.pubads ( ) ) ; googletag.pubads ( ) .enableSyncRendering ( ) ; googletag.enableServices ( ) ; } ) ; '' We have seen some ill-informed commentsrelating to farmers in India .
Such comments are unwarranted , especially when pertaining to the internal affairs of a democratic country , '' External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Anurag Srivastava said earlier this month .
This is an issue of particular concern to Sikh Americans linked to Punjab , although it also heavily impacts the Indian Americans belonging to other Indian states , the lawmakers said in their letter to Pompeo dated December 23 .
Many Indian Americans are directly affected as they have family members and ancestral land in Punjab and are concerned for the well-being of their families in India .
In view of this serious situation , we urge you to contact your Indian counterpart to reinforce the United States ' commitment to the freedom of political speech abroad , they said .
In their letter , the lawmakers said that the US as a nation that is familiar with political protests can offer counsel to India during their current period of social disturbance .
As national legislators , we respect the right of the government of India to determine national policy , in compliance with existing law .
We also acknowledge the rights of those in India and abroad who are currently protesting peacefully against agricultural laws that many Indian farmers see as an attack on their economic security , the lawmakers said .
Thousands of farmers from Punjab , Haryana and several other states have been protesting on various borders of Delhi since November 26 , seeking repeal of three farm laws enacted in September .
Dubbing these laws as `` anti-farmer '' , these farmers claim that the newly enacted legislations would pave the way for the dismantling of the minimum support price system , leaving them at the `` mercy '' of big corporations .
However , the government has maintained that the new laws will bring farmers better opportunities and usher in new technologies in agriculture .
There have been multiple rounds of talks between representatives of the protestors and the Indian government but the logjam continues .
In addition to Jayapal , the letter has been signed by Congressmen Donald Norcross , Brendan F Boyle , Brian Fitzpatrick , Mary Gay Scanlon , Debbie Dingell and David Trone .
Over the past few weeks , more than a dozen US Congressmen have expressed their concerns on the ongoing protest by the farmers in India .
Earlier this month , Congressman John Garamendi , Co-Chair of the American Sikh Caucus , along with Congressman Jim Costa and Congresswoman Shelia Jackson Lee members of the American Sikh Caucus sent a letter to Indian Ambassador to the US Taranjit Singh Sandhu , expressing solidarity with the protestors and defending their right to peaceful protest .
Democratic American lawmaker David Trone on Tuesday urged the Indian government to provide safety to the protesting farmers and hailed the recent offers of dialogue and a proposal from India 's Supreme Court to set up mediation .
( Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff ; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed . )
Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
