Jump to navigation Speak Now Bharatiya Kisan Union ( BKU ) leader Rakesh Tikait on Saturday blamed a `` weak Opposition '' as the cause for the current state of farmers , who have been agitating over the contentious farm laws near the borders of Delhi for over two months .
`` If the Opposition was not weak , then this would not be the condition of the farmers of the country .
If they had raised their voices , then this would not have happened .
They are doing nothing .
Is any Opposition leader in jail over the farm laws ? ''
Tikait said during an interview with India Today TV .
Tikait , who has been named in an FIR following the violence in Delhi during the farmers ' tractor rally on Republic Day , has been camping with his supporters near the Ghazipur border since November .
`` A validation for any protest/movement is when the government slaps a case against you .
That 's the certificate .
If protesters are n't booked , it indicates that there is some behind the scenes understanding between the government and the protesters , '' Tikait , a former Delhi Police constable , said .
In the backdrop of support extended by international celebrities to the farmers ' protests , Tikait admitted that he did n't know Rihanna but his outfit had an alliance with farmers in 73 nations .
`` We do n't know Rihanna .
We have alliance with farmers in 73 nations .
For example in Brazil , there are no farmers and farming is mostly done by companies .
We are agitating there too , '' Tikait said .
Tikait , who has dabbled in politics twice without much success , said the protest had nothing to do with next year 's Uttar Pradesh elections .
In 2007 , Tikait contested as an independent candidate from Khatauli Assembly seat in Muzaffarnagar .
In 2014 , he took the plunge in the Lok Sabha elections and was fielded by Rashtriya Lok Dal from Amroha district .
Last month , when the farmers ' movement was losing steam and sheen following the violence in Delhi , an emotional outcry by Rakesh Tikait infused new energy into the protests at Ghazipur .
After a video of an emotional Tikait breaking down while talking to reporters went viral , thousands of farmers have arrived at Ghazipur to back the movement .
READ | Govt turns up heat on farmers to end protest , high drama at Ghazipur as Tikait takes do or die route WATCH | Rakesh Tikait breaks down at Ghazipur border Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Catch them if you can : What 's the status of India 's top 7 fugitives Federer , Djokovic , Nadal , in same half of French Open field Serious vaccine mismanagement or pandemic politics on vaccination ?
James Bond films to continue releasing in theatres despite Amazon deal Maharashtra govt hints at easing Covid restrictions Cryptocurrency 101 : Basics you need to know Caught on cam : 2 bike-borne men shot dead doctor and his wife at point-blank range in Rajasthan 's Bharatpur Steady decline in new Covid-19 cases : Health ministry Meet the principal who collected Rs 40 lakh to pay fees for her students Sputnik V vaccine to be available at Apollo Hospitals from June second week Covid Despatch : Ground reports from Punjab , Uttarakhand , Rajasthan PM Modi announces Rs 1,000 crore aid for states affected by Cyclone Yaas Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
