Jump to navigation Speak Now Fifty characters .
That 's all it took international pop sensation Rihanna to break trends on Twitter .
Her tweet was a simple question asking people why are n't they talking about the ongoing farmers ' protest in India .
Sharing a report by CNN on the Haryana government 's decision to suspend internet services on account of the farmers ' protest , Rihanna asked : `` Why are n't we talking about this ? ''
Her question was followed an exclamation sign and the now popular hashtag # FarmerProtest .
why aren ’ t we talking about this ? !
# FarmersProtest https : //t.co/obmIlXhK9S This was enough for Twitter to go abuzz in India and abroad .
While many have hailed Rihanna for speaking about the farmers ' protest in India , some have been critical .
But like all Twitter trends , the internet is flooded with posts , jokes , satire and memes .
Here are the best ones .
Meanwhile , Indian celebs to farmers , `` Just gon na stand here and watch you burn ! ''
https : //t.co/H8le6DwmlP Bollywood Celebrities who were Vocal About # BlackLivesMatter pic.twitter.com/OroZohO7ux Le Indian Celeb * * pic.twitter.com/EqhSRprsCO Punjab HaRihanna ekta zindabad pic.twitter.com/83oiNPdW0F In about 2.5 hours , Rihanna 's tweet on farmers ' protest in India had garnered over 77,400 likes , 178,700 comments and about 16,000 retweets .
Every farmer loving citizen of India after Rihanna tweets in support of farmers. # Rihanna # FarmersProtest pic.twitter.com/NIrddZ69aN My take on # Rihanna pic.twitter.com/v1m5DUSpUG Farmers have been camping on the outskirts of New Delhi for over two months to protest against three new farm laws enacted by the central government .
The protest in Delhi has drawn support from farmers of Punjab , Haryana , Rajasthan , Uttar Pradesh , while protests are protests are also being held in other parts of the country .
Eleven rounds of talks have been held between protesting farmers ' unions and the central government but the issue remains deadlocked .
The farmers have stayed firm on their demand that the three farm laws should be repealed and the government should provide a legal guarantee for the minimum support price ( MSP ) regime of crop procurement .
On January 26 , when India celebrates its Republic Day , famers took out a tractor parade in New Delhi .
The protest however turned violent when a section of the protesters crossed police barricades with their tractors and deviated from the route earmarked for the tractor parade .
There were violent clashes between farmers and the police and cops resorted to firing teargas shells and lathicharge the crowd .
ALSO READ | Rihanna supports farm protest .
Asks , 'Why are n't we talking about this ? '
Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Covid : Why you should take happy hypoxia seriously 'Faulty refrigerator ' spoils 480 doses of Covishield in Rajasthan 's Banswara Pandemic propels Auckland to top of EIU ’ s most liveable cities ranking Ladakh Covid warriors ride JCB machine to cross river , Twitter salutes brave effort Meet The Dominican Who Sings About Mehul Choksi After Jitin Prasada 's exit , now rumblings in Rajasthan Congress Mamata Banerjee meets Rakesh Tikait , extends support to farmers ' protest Exclusive | Barbara Jarabica says Mehul Choksi flirted with her , gifted fake diamond rings , bracelets Uddhav Thackeray meets PM Modi over Maratha quota , GST compensation Nusrat Jahan says marriage with Nikhil Jain not legal in India Congress implodes : First Scindia , now Prasada and next Sachin Pilot ?
World Environment Day : Youngsters Plant Cannabis In Kerala Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
