Jump to navigation Speak Now Cement barriers , barbed wire , spikes on roads and policemen in large numbers dominated farmers ’ protest sites on the city ’ s borders Tuesday as the Opposition created a ruckus in Parliament over the three agri-marketing laws which the protesters want repealed .
Both Houses of Parliament faced repeated adjournments as Opposition members disrupted proceedings , demanding a discussion on the central laws enacted last September .
In Chandigarh , Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh chaired an all-party meeting , which too passed a resolution seeking the withdrawal of the new laws which the protesting farmers say will lead to the weakening of the minimum support price ( MSP ) system .
9 pm : `` We have formed a legal committee to file FIRs and trace the young farmers who have gone missing , '' says PS Bhangu from Kisan Ekta Morcha .
8 pm : An all-party meeting convened by Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh on Tuesday demanded immediate withdrawal of the three farm laws while holding the BJP-led central government responsible for a “ substantial delay ” in resolving the crisis .
Terming the violence during the tractor rally on Republic Day in Delhi as “ sponsored ” , the meeting also demanded a judicial probe into the “ laxity and complicity ” of those responsible for maintaining peace at the Red Fort .
Thank leaders of all political parties for coming together in sounding a collective voice through the All Party Resolution against the anti-farmer laws .
Punjab is one and would not rest until these laws are repealed .
pic.twitter.com/FzNMhb7Ra3 7.45 pm : Congress says it will provide free legal aid to innocent farmers .
The Congress party will provide free legal aid to innocent farmers & journalists being persecuted by the BJP govt for telling the truth.We stand with our farmers , we stand with the honest media , we stand with democracy.We have defeated tyrants before , we will do it again .
https : //t.co/W5FMmyEw9u 7.30 pm : BKU chief Rakesh Tikait to visit Jind , Haryana on Wednesday to attend a mahapanchayat , reports news agency ANI .
There will be a Mahapanchayat in Jind tomorrow , I will go there : Rakesh Tikait , Bharatiya Kisan Union pic.twitter.com/BTPWayzdNl 7 pm : Haryana government has extended the suspension of mobile internet services ( 2G/3G/4G/CDMA/GPRS ) , SMS services ( only Bulk SMS ) & all dongle services , etc on mobile networks except the voice calls in Kaithal , Panipat , Jind , Rohtak , Charkhi Dadri , Sonipat and Jhajjar till 5 pm on February 3 .
5.40 pm : In a significant statement on the ongoing farmers ' protest , the Ministry of Home Affairs has justified police action on farmers during the tractor rally .
MHA on Tuesday informed the parliament that `` Farmers ' action left Delhi Police with no option but to use tear gas water cannons and mild force to control the crowd . ''
MHA in Parliament also said , `` Social distancing was not followed and farmers gathered in large number without face mask amid Covid-19 restrictions . ''
MoS Home G Kishan Reddy said this in a written reply in Lok Sabha to an unstarred question by members of parliament .
( via Kamaljit Sandhu ) 5.45 pm : The Ministry of Home Affairs has informed the parliament that the Delhi Police has registered 39 cases against the farmers protesting the recently passed ‘ Farm Laws ’ between September to December 2020 at the Delhi border .
Delhi Police has also informed that one suicide case has been reported to them 4.45 pm : `` We have just strengthened barricading so that it is not broken again , '' said Delhi Police Commissioner SN Srivastava on being asked about heavy barricading at protest sites on Delhi borders .
`` I 'm surprised that when tractors were used , Police were attacked , barricades were broken on 26th no questions were raised .
As many as 510 police jawans were injured at different places , '' he added .
4 pm : Legal help desk has been set up at Singhu Border for families of those arrested and those who need legal assistance .
3.45 pm : Six layers of security by Delhi Police at protest sites on Delhi borders 1st Layer- Cement barricading on the front line , BSF personnel deployed here .
2nd Layer- Barbed wire fences , trenches and nails on roads 3rd Layer- Delhi Police , CRPF and ITBP personnel stationed here 4th Layer- Large barricading of cement and iron 5th layer- Large truck trolleys have been parked on the road 6th Layer- Barbed wire fencing 2:10 pm : BKU leader Rakesh Tikait was quoted by ANI as saying , `` There 's no problem if the Opposition is coming to support us , but it should not be politicised .
The traffic movement has not been blocked by farmers .
It is because of the police barricading . ''
162 doctors , 107 nurses & 44 ASHA workers died due to COVID-19 in the country till Jan 22 : Union Health Minister in a written reply in Parliament 13:47 pm : DCP outer north ( Singhu border ) has been transfered and Chinmoy Biswal is now DCP crime , Rajiv Ranjan Singh is now DCP Outer North , Urvija Goel is now DCP West Delhi .
12:58 pm : Sanjay Raut meets Rakesh Tikait at Ghazipur border , says Maha govt supports stir Shiv Sena leader Sanjay Raut met farmer leader Rakesh Tikait at the Ghazipur border and extended the Maharashtra government 's support to the farmers ' protest .
`` We are here to show support .
Uddhav Thackeray supports the farmers .
The Maharashtra government is supporting the protest , '' Sanjay Raut said .
12:52 pm : Delhi HC dismisses plea seeking release of all persons arrested on or after Jan 26 Delhi High Court dismisses a PIL seeking a direction for release of all persons , including but not limited to farmers , who have been allegedly placed under illegal detention on or after Jan 26 , in and around Singhu , Tikri , and Ghazipur borders .
12:51 pm : Sanjay Raut reaches Ghazipur border 12:01 pm : 6 member Shiv Sena MP delegation is on its way to Ghazipur A six-member Shiv Sena MP delegation is on its way to Ghazipur now .
This includes Sanjay Raut , Anil Desai , Arvind Sawant , Vinayak Raut , Prataprao Jadhav , and Krupal Tumane .
11:33 am : SC to hear PIL on R-Day violence on Wednesday The Supreme Court will hear on February 3 i.e .
on Wednesday , the public interest petitions seeking a judicial inquiry into cases of violence , demolition and insult to the national flag during the tractor parade of farmers on January 26 .
The bench headed by Chief Justice SA Bobde will hear the plea .
11:25 am : Build bridges , not walls : Rahul to Centre Congress leader Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday attacked the government over barricades and road blocks set up at farmer agitation sites on Delhi 's borders , and asked the Centre to `` build bridges and not walls '' .
`` GOI , Build bridges , not walls ! , '' Gandhi said on Twitter posting pictures of barricades and road blocks at farmer protest sites .
Farmers ’ protest sites at Delhi ’ s borders have turned into fortresses with police beefing up security and strengthening barricades .
Iron rods have been hooked between two rows of cement barriers on a flank of the main highway at the Singhu border to further restrict the movement of protesters , agitating against the new farm laws .
11:22 am : Police personnel continue to be deployed at Singhu border Police personnel continue to be deployed at Singhu border where farmers ' protest against three farm laws enters day 69 .
9:43 am : Farmer unions accuse railway authorities of diverting trains carrying protestors Various farmer unions including Bhartiya Kisan Union ( Ugrahan ) , Bhartiya Kisan Union ( Dakaunda ) and Yogendra Yadav-led Swaraj India have accused the railway authorities of diverting various trains carrying the Delhi bound farmer protesters .
BKU ( Ugrahan ) leader Sukhdev Singh Kokrikalan said that farmers were boarding the trains on the fresh call given by the farmer unions to revive the protests but the railway authorities were diverting the trains .
8:44 am : Shiv Sena 's Sanjay Raut to reach Ghazipur border at 1 pm Shiv Sena leader Sanjay Raut will reach Ghazipur border ( Delhi-Uttar Pradesh ) in support of the protesting farmers at 1 pm .
8:27 am : Farmers ' protest at Ghazipur border against farm laws Ghazipur has become the new center of the farmers ' movement .
The number of farmers is continuously increasing at Ghazipur border and the police are also seen making different security arrangements .
Police have heavily barricaded the Ghazipur border .
Barricades have been made with barbed wire , cement barricades have been planted and spikes have been planted on the roads to restrict the movement of the farmers .
Meanwhile , Ghazipur , the new focal point of the farmers ' protest has turned into a fortress with heightened restrictions .
Ghazipur saw parked DTC buses sealing main entry points , multi-layered security arrangements and check points -- both by police and farmers ' union volunteers .
The Delhi-UP border site , which is galvanising farmers from Rajasthan , Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand days after BKU leader Rakesh Tikait 's emotional appeal , is a fortress in the making with security arrangements being amplified with every passing day .
More Uttar Pradesh farmers are likely to join in to support the protesters against the Centre 's farm laws .
Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Covid : Why you should take happy hypoxia seriously 'Faulty refrigerator ' spoils 480 doses of Covishield in Rajasthan 's Banswara Pandemic propels Auckland to top of EIU ’ s most liveable cities ranking Ladakh Covid warriors ride JCB machine to cross river , Twitter salutes brave effort Meet The Dominican Who Sings About Mehul Choksi After Jitin Prasada 's exit , now rumblings in Rajasthan Congress Mamata Banerjee meets Rakesh Tikait , extends support to farmers ' protest Exclusive | Barbara Jarabica says Mehul Choksi flirted with her , gifted fake diamond rings , bracelets Uddhav Thackeray meets PM Modi over Maratha quota , GST compensation Nusrat Jahan says marriage with Nikhil Jain not legal in India Congress implodes : First Scindia , now Prasada and next Sachin Pilot ?
World Environment Day : Youngsters Plant Cannabis In Kerala Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
