Discover Thomson Reuters By Sanjeev Miglani 3 Min Read NEW DELHI ( Reuters ) - Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday resisted calls for the repeal of farm reforms that have ignited the biggest protests by farmers in years around the national capital , saying they were being misled and that deregulation would benefit them .
Thousands of people from the big farming state of Punjab were camped out on the outskirts of Delhi for a fifth day demanding that they be allowed to stage protests in the city centre against the new laws that open up India ’ s tightly regulated farm produce market .
Farmers who could earlier sell grains and other products only at neighbouring government-regulated wholesale markets can now sell them across the country , including to big food processing companies and retailers such as WalMart .
But farm groups and opposition parties say the government will eventually abolish the wholesale markets , where growers were assured of a minimum support price for staples like wheat and rice , leaving small farmers at the mercy of corporate agri-businesses .
Speaking at a public rally during a visit to his political constituency of Varanasi in northern India , Modi dismissed the fears as misplaced .
“ The new agricultural laws have been brought in for benefit of the farmers .
We will see and experience benefits of these new laws in the coming days , ” he said .
He blamed the opposition for spreading rumours about the future of farmers .
The farm sector contributes nearly 15 % of India ’ s $ 2.9 trillion economy and employs around half its 1.3 billion people .
The government says the deregulation of the sector will attract investment and fix the supply chains that lose a quarter of India ’ s produce to wastage .
But Rahul Gandhi , the leader of the main opposition Congress party , said the new laws would benefit big business and accused Modi of crony capitalism .
“ Our farmers are standing up against the black laws , they have reached Delhi leaving their farms and families behind .
Do you want to stand with them or with Modi ’ s capitalist friends ? ” he said in a tweet .
Reporting by Sanjeev Miglani ; Editing by Nick Macfie Our Standards : The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles .
All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes .
See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays .
