Thursday , Jun 10 , 2021 | Last Update : 08:33 AM IST VIJAYAWADA : Telugu Desam Party chief N. Chandrababu Naidu on Saturday called for a comprehensive nationwide debate between representatives of political parties and farmer associations for resolving apprehensions within farmers over the three contentious agricultural acts passed by the centre .
He said opinions and suggestions of all stakeholders should be taken into consideration , so that a better deal could be provided to farmers through new policies .
Naidu expressed concern that despite having 22 MPs in Lok Sabha , the ruling YSR Congress has not broken its silence on the farm laws , which amounts to betrayal of farmers .
He claimed that while the then TD government gave bonus in addition to MSP to farmers , farmers are not even getting the MSP under the current YSRC dispensation , because of which they are coming on to roads for registering their protests .
The TD chief feared that if the limit on holding stocks of food grains is not reduced , it will lead to black-marketing in future and only benefit middlemen .
He demanded that Rythu Bazaars be modernised and new agriculture policies formulated that are beneficial to both farmers and consumers .
Meanwhile , Telugu Desam national general secretary and MLC Nara Lokesh has accused YSR Congress government of turning a blind eye to sufferings of farmers who have suffered severe losses due to heavy rains , floods and cyclone .
Taking up a whirlwind visit of Ponnur , Bapatla and Chilakaluripeta segments in Guntur district , where crops had been damaged , he protested that the government has not yet paid any compensation to affected farmers .
Speaking at Ponnur , the party general secretary accused Chief Minister Y. S. Jagan Mohan Reddy of not visiting farmers when they are in distress .
He maintained that when TD tried to raise farmers ' woes in the assembly and council , ruling YSR Congress members prevented his party legislators from doing so .
He accused the YSRC regime of not giving input subsidy despite the unprecedented losses suffered by farmers .
We have updated our Privacy and Cookie Policy .
If you continue to use our site , you agree to the updated Policies .
