Jump to navigation Speak Now The last few days have seen political workers and farmers ' organisations taking to the streets against the new farm laws over fears that they 'll abolish the minimum support price ( MSP ) system .
MSP data of the last 10 years shows successive governments have been hesitant to increase guaranteed prices on which they buy produce from farmers through various agencies .
But due to the ongoing protests , the government increased MSP for six rabi crops immediately .
Usually , revised MSPs for rabi crops are announced in October or November .
`` MSPs will continue , and by announcing an increase in MSP , we have proved that , '' Union agriculture minister Narendra Singh Tomar said in Parliament on September 21 .
Data shows in the last 10 years , MSP growth rate for almost all crops , both kharif and rabi , have declined on an average .
In the latest announcement , MSP growth rates for wheat and paddy are the lowest in the last decade , at 2.6 per cent and 2.9 per cent respectively .
From 2016-18 , MSP growth rate for wheat had increased continuously .
In 2019 , MSP growth rates for paddy and moong increased by 13 per cent and 25 per cent respectively .
But in 2020-21 , MSP growth rates for all crops declined , except urad , moong and arhar .
According to the decision taken by the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs ( CCEA ) on Monday , MSP for wheat was increased by only Rs 50 or 2.6 per cent to Rs 1,975 per quintal .
This is the lowest hike since 2011 , when the government increased MSP by only Rs 20 or 1.8 per cent per quintal ( 100 kg ) from the previous year .
A political quick fix ?
The central government declares MSPs for 22 crops before their sowing seasons , based on suggestions by the Commission for Agricultural Costs and Prices ( CACP ) , along with states ' views on the demand and supply situation .
MSP is the price at which the government guarantees to buy crops from farmers via different agencies such as Food Corporation of India ( FCI ) .
As per procedure , farmers get at least one-and-a-half times the cost of production under MSP .
This system protects farmers from price fluctuations due to unfavourable weather conditions or by market manipulators .
However , more often than not , MSP is used as a silver bullet to pacify distressed farmers .
For example , paddy witnessed the highest MSP growth in 2013 under the UPA government when it was increased by 16 per cent or Rs 170 to Rs 1,250 per quintal .
Under the NDA , the maximum hike in MSP ( 13 per cent ) was in 2019 .
Both were just before elections .
Policy makers and economists are divided over the relevance of MSP .
In 2019 , just before general elections , former economic adviser to Prime Minister 's Office , Surjit Bhalla , pushed forward the need for agricultural reforms and suggested abolition of MSP within the next three years .
`` The next government should cut corporate tax by 5 per cent , expand income support scheme and abolish MSP in the next three years .
There should be zero interference in agriculture , '' Bhalla had said in May 2019 .
Others say the farm sector is in severe distress and need to be protected through MSPs and other such instruments .
`` MSP is essential for the farming sector to protect it against uncertainty in production and market fluctuations , '' said V Upadhyay , adjunct professor of economics at IIT-Delhi .
Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Covid : Why you should take happy hypoxia seriously 'Faulty refrigerator ' spoils 480 doses of Covishield in Rajasthan 's Banswara Pandemic propels Auckland to top of EIU ’ s most liveable cities ranking Ladakh Covid warriors ride JCB machine to cross river , Twitter salutes brave effort Meet The Dominican Who Sings About Mehul Choksi After Jitin Prasada 's exit , now rumblings in Rajasthan Congress Mamata Banerjee meets Rakesh Tikait , extends support to farmers ' protest Exclusive | Barbara Jarabica says Mehul Choksi flirted with her , gifted fake diamond rings , bracelets Uddhav Thackeray meets PM Modi over Maratha quota , GST compensation Jitin Prasada reacts after joining BJP , says no point being in Congress GB Pant Hospital offers apologies to staff over controversial 'no Malayalam ' circular Nepal stops distribution of Coronil kits gifted by Patanjali Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
