Discover Thomson Reuters By Nigam Prusty 3 Min Read NEW DELHI ( Reuters ) - India ’ s parliament on Sunday passed new bills the government says will make it easier for farmers to sell their produce directly to big buyers , despite growing protest from opposition parties and a long-time ally of the ruling party .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said the new laws will reform antiquated laws and remove middlemen from agriculture trade , allowing farmers to sell to institutional buyers and large retailers like Walmart WMT.N .
The bills also make contract farming easier by providing a new set of rules .
But Modi ’ s food processing minister from an alliance party resigned on Thursday in protest calling the bills “ anti-farmer ” , and the opposition parties have said farmers ’ bargaining power will be diminished by allowing retailers to have tighter control over them .
On Sunday , some opposition lawmakers raised slogans , tore documents and tried to grab the speaker ’ s microphone in the upper house of India ’ s parliament , before two controversial bills were passed by a voice vote .
“ The passage of both the bills in parliament is indeed a landmark day for Indian agriculture , ” one of Modi ’ s senior cabinet ministers , Rajnath Singh , said on Twitter .
Harsimrat Kaur Badal , Modi ’ s former food processing minister , is from a regional party which has a strong base in the northern state of Punjab and believes the bills will increase farmer suffering in the breadbasket state .
Her party believes the laws will destroy wholesale markets which ensure fair and timely payments to farmers , weaken the state ’ s farmers and the overall state economy .
Many farmer organizations have in recent days held street protests in Punjab and the neighboring Haryana state near New Delhi .
On Sunday , India ’ s main opposition Congress party criticized the government .
“ We will make sure that the government will have to step down on its knees before the farming community of this country , ” said Randeep Surjewala , a party spokesman .
“ It will be farmers one side and big businesses on the other side , how will they fight ? , ” he added .
Reporting by Nigam Prusty , Shilpa Jamkhandikar and Mayank Bhardwaj ; Editing by Aditya Kalra and Michael Perry Our Standards : The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles .
All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes .
See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays .
