Jump to navigation Speak Now On Wednesday , Congress-backed National Students Union of India ( NSUI ) carried out protests outside the homes of 25 MPs in Rajasthan in support of farmers ' agitation , and against the Centre 's new farm laws .
In Jaipur , protests were carried outside the homes of BJP leaders and Jaipur City MP Ramcharan Bohra , Jaipur Rural MP Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore , and outside Jaipur 's City Palace where Rajsamand MP Diya Kumari stays .
`` We are outside the home of Jaipur City MP Ramcharan Bohra to support the farmers ' agitation .
The MPs should come out of their AC homes and talk to the farmers , listen to their grievances , '' Ramesh Kumar Bhati , NSUI state spokesperson , told India Today .
Farmers from different parts of the country , including Rajasthan , Haryana and Delhi , had been agitating near the Singhu border and other parts against the farm laws brought by the Narendra Modi government .
`` Farmers have been out on roads , agitating against farm laws brought by the central government .
These leaders should listen to them , '' Abhishek Chowdhary , NSUI state president , told India Today .
On Tuesday , Rajasthan chief minister Ashok Gehlot had termed the Modi government 's invitation to farmer unions for talks `` a step in the right direction , but taken too late '' .
Gehlot mentioned that there is growing concern not only in India , but outside as well , regarding the farmers ' protest in the country .
`` Centre 's invitation to farmer unions for talks is a step in the right direction , but taken too late .
There is growing concern not only in the country , but in other countries as well , where a sizable number of people of Indian-origin live .
PM Modi ji must take the lead to resolve this impasse .
Farmers ' genuine demands must be met , '' Gehlot had said .
Meanwhile , Congress had asked the party-ruled states to consider bringing in laws to make agriculture related laws , brought by the Centre , as void .
Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Covid : Why you should take happy hypoxia seriously 'Faulty refrigerator ' spoils 480 doses of Covishield in Rajasthan 's Banswara Pandemic propels Auckland to top of EIU ’ s most liveable cities ranking Ladakh Covid warriors ride JCB machine to cross river , Twitter salutes brave effort Meet The Dominican Who Sings About Mehul Choksi After Jitin Prasada 's exit , now rumblings in Rajasthan Congress Mamata Banerjee meets Rakesh Tikait , extends support to farmers ' protest Exclusive | Barbara Jarabica says Mehul Choksi flirted with her , gifted fake diamond rings , bracelets Uddhav Thackeray meets PM Modi over Maratha quota , GST compensation Nusrat Jahan says marriage with Nikhil Jain not legal in India Congress implodes : First Scindia , now Prasada and next Sachin Pilot ?
World Environment Day : Youngsters Plant Cannabis In Kerala Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
