Jump to navigation Speak Now Prime Minister Narendra Modi hailed the passing of two farm bills in the Lok Sabha as a `` significant moment '' for India 's agriculture sector .
Terming the two bills as `` historic '' , Modi said these bills will usher reforms that will provide new opportunities to the farmers .
`` Many forces are trying to mislead the farmers .
I assure all peasants that MSP and government procurement of crops will continue along with lots of other options , '' PM Modi said in a tweet .
The Lok Sabha today passed the Farmers ( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Bill , 2020 , and the Farmers ' Produce Trade and commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation ) Bill , 2020 .
The bills were passed after the Opposition did not call for voting on any clause related to either of the two bills .
The Congress , the DMK and the Left parties opposed the two farm bills and walked out of the House in protest .
`` Passage of historic agriculture reform bills is a significant moment for farm sector .
They will rid farmers of middlemen and other bottlenecks .
These farm sector reforms will provide new opportunities to farmers to sell their produce and lead to increased profits for them , '' PM Modi said in another tweet .
ALSO READ | Harsimrat Kaur Badal resigns from Modi govt , says I 'm protesting against anti-farmer bills ALSO READ | Harsimrat Kaur Badal quits Modi govt : Why the farm bills are controversial Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Covid : Why you should take happy hypoxia seriously 'Faulty refrigerator ' spoils 480 doses of Covishield in Rajasthan 's Banswara Pandemic propels Auckland to top of EIU ’ s most liveable cities ranking Ladakh Covid warriors ride JCB machine to cross river , Twitter salutes brave effort Meet The Dominican Who Sings About Mehul Choksi After Jitin Prasada 's exit , now rumblings in Rajasthan Congress Mamata Banerjee meets Rakesh Tikait , extends support to farmers ' protest Exclusive | Barbara Jarabica says Mehul Choksi flirted with her , gifted fake diamond rings , bracelets Uddhav Thackeray meets PM Modi over Maratha quota , GST compensation Nusrat Jahan says marriage with Nikhil Jain not legal in India Congress implodes : First Scindia , now Prasada and next Sachin Pilot ?
World Environment Day : Youngsters Plant Cannabis In Kerala Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
