Jump to navigation Speak Now Twitter has started blocking accounts flagged by the Centre for allegedly spreading `` misinformation and provocative content '' in connection with the protest by farmers ' unions against new farm laws .
Twitter also said it had taken steps to reduce the visibility of the hashtags containing `` harmful content '' .
However , the social media firm said in its blog that the Twitter handles would only be blocked within India , and would not include the handles of journalists , media entities , activists and politicians .
`` To do so , we believe , would violate their fundamental right to free expression under Indian law ... We do not believe that the actions we have been directed to take are consistent with Indian law , '' Twitter said .
According to a Times of India report , 126 of the 257 handles that had originally tweeted with the `` farmer genocide '' hashtag have been deactivated .
These were among the handles that Twitter had blocked a few days ago but had activated them citing `` free speech '' and because it found the content `` newsworthy '' .
The development comes days after the IT Ministry sent a fresh list of 1,178 accounts to Twitter , asking it to either suspend or block them in India .
The ministry said these accounts `` were flagged by security agencies as accounts of Khalistan sympathisers or backed by Pakistan , causing threat to public order by tweeting on ongoing farmers protests '' .
The notice further added that Twitter was obliged to follow the government 's directions and refusal to do so might invite penal action .
On Tuesday , Twitter reached out to Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad for a dialogue and also acknowledged the MeitY letter .
In an emailed statement to India Today , Twitter said , `` Safety of our employees is a top priority for us at Twitter .
We continue to be engaged with the government of India from a position of respect and have reached out to the Honourable Minister , Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology , for a formal dialogue . ''
Last week , the company 's public policy director for India and South Asia , Mahima Kaul , had resigned , citing `` personal reasons '' .
The tussle between Twitter and the Centre started when the IT Ministry sent a list of 257 accounts as part of a notice on January 31 , asking the platform to block these handles and some hashtags used by them .
Twitter had responded by blocking some of the accounts , but had later unblocked them , irking the ministry .
It had said that the blocking of the accounts was an interim measure .
Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Covid : Why you should take happy hypoxia seriously 'Faulty refrigerator ' spoils 480 doses of Covishield in Rajasthan 's Banswara Pandemic propels Auckland to top of EIU ’ s most liveable cities ranking Ladakh Covid warriors ride JCB machine to cross river , Twitter salutes brave effort Meet The Dominican Who Sings About Mehul Choksi After Jitin Prasada 's exit , now rumblings in Rajasthan Congress Mamata Banerjee meets Rakesh Tikait , extends support to farmers ' protest Exclusive | Barbara Jarabica says Mehul Choksi flirted with her , gifted fake diamond rings , bracelets Uddhav Thackeray meets PM Modi over Maratha quota , GST compensation Nusrat Jahan says marriage with Nikhil Jain not legal in India Congress implodes : First Scindia , now Prasada and next Sachin Pilot ?
World Environment Day : Youngsters Plant Cannabis In Kerala Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
