Topics Delhi Police | farmers protest | Red Fort Press Trust of India | New Delhi Last Updated at January 26 , 2021 23:26 IST https : //mybs.in/2ZbNVPG Almost half of the policemen injured in the farmers ' violence on Tuesday were at the Red Fort where several police personnel fell or jumped tens of feet down a wall after being pushed to the edge by a marauding mob .
Protesting farmers violated the conditions pre-agreed for their tractor parade and indulged in violence and vandalism , leaving 86 police personnel injured , the Delhi Police said.document.write ( `` < ! -- '' ) ; if ( isUserBanner== '' free '' & & ( displayConBanner==1 ) ) document.write ( `` -- > '' ) ; googletag.cmd.push ( function ( ) { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot ( '/6516239/outofpage_1x1_desktop ' , 'div-gpt-ad-1490771277198-0 ' ) .addService ( googletag.pubads ( ) ) ; googletag.pubads ( ) .enableSyncRendering ( ) ; googletag.enableServices ( ) ; } ) ; As many as 41 policemen suffered injuries at the Red Fort , a senior police officer said .
A video of the incident showing protestors corning the security personnel at an elevated portion of the Red Fort has gone viral on social media .
Policemen can be seen jumping tens of feet of wall to save themselves from unruly protestors or being pushed down by them .
Authorities had also cut power to the Red Fort in order to disperse the farmers from the premises .
Thousands of protesting farmers who reached ITO from the Ghazipur border clashed with police .
Many of them driving tractors reached the Red Fort and entered the monument .
They also hoisted flags on the domes and the flagstaff at the rampart of the national monument at which national tricolour is unfurled by the Prime Minister on Independence Day .
The entire area saw chaotic scenes for hours as the protesters rampaged pelting stones and police , damaging vehicles and vandalising inside Red Fort .
Police tried to control the mob using lathicharge and firing tear gas shells .
In a statement , the police claimed it did all due diligence in following the conditions for the rally , but the protesters began their march much ahead of the scheduled time and extensive damage to public property was caused during the violence by them .
A senior police officer said a total of 86 police personnel were injured in the clashes including 41 at the Red Fort and in the East District .
He said that in the morning at Ghazipur Border , a probationer IPS officer got injured as he along with Additional Deputy Commissioner of Police ( East ) Manjeet tried to stop the farmers from breaking the barricades .
Additional DCP East Manjeet had a close shave as one of the farmers tried to hit him with his tractor but he escaped and did not sustain any injuries , the official said .
The ITO resembled a war zone with a car being vandalised by angry protesters and shells , bricks and stones littering the wide streets , a testimony to the ugly turn taken by the two-month-long farmers ' protests against the agri laws .
( Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff ; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed . )
Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
