the fully loaded magazine The protesting farmers not only violated the conditions which were agreed prior to the tractor rally but also indulged in violence and vandalism , eventually injuring 86 of its personnel , the Delhi Police said on Tuesday .
In a statement , the Delhi Police expressed that it partook in all due diligence in following the conditions for the rally , but it was the farmers who began their agitation much ahead of the mutually agreed time and caused extensive damage to public property .
The police statement comes after clashes broke out between protesters and police during the farmers ’ Republic Day tractor parade .
`` The protesters violated conditions fixed for the rally .
The farmers began tractor rally before the scheduled time , they also resorted to violence and vandalism , '' Delhi Police PRO Eish Singhal said .
`` We followed all conditions as promised and did our due diligence but the protest led to extensive damage to public property .
Many policemen were also injured during the protest , '' Singhal said .
Alok Kumar , Joint Commissioner of Police , said legal action will be taken against those who assaulted the police personnel during the rally today .
Delhi Police Additional PRO Anil Mittal said , said a total of 86 police personnel were injured in the clashes including at the Red Fort and in the East District .
A senior police officer said that in the morning at Ghazipur Border , a probationer IPS officer got injured as he along with Additional Deputy Commissioner of Police ( East ) Manjeet tried to stop the farmers from breaking the barricades .
Additional DCP East Manjeet had a close shave as one of the farmers tried to hit him with his tractor but he escaped and did not sustain any injuries , the official said .
The injured , including police personnel , were brought to the LNJP Hospital following the clashes on Tuesday .
LNJP Hospital is currently a partially COVID-19 facility in central Delhi near ITO .
`` Some of them were discharged after administering first-aid .
Right now , about 22 of them are admitted , including an SHO and 10 other police personnel , '' a senior official of the hospital said .
Asked about the nature of injuries sustained , the official said they include leg and arm fractures and cut wounds .
Wielding sticks and clubs and holding the tricolour and union flags , tens of thousands of farmers atop tractors broke barriers , clashed with police and entered the city from various points to lay siege to the Red Fort where they climbed the flagpole on Republic Day on Tuesday .
While police used teargas shells to disperse the restive crowds in some places , hundreds of farmers were seen chasing them with sticks at the ITO and the Red Fort and ploughing their tractors into parked buses , barricades and security personnel deployed to maintain law and order at several other places .
A protester died after his tractor overturned .
The ITO resembled a war zone with a car being vandalised by angry protesters and shells , bricks and stones littering the wide streets , a testimony to the ugly turn taken by the two-month-long farmers ' protests against the agri laws .
With PTI Inputs Subscribe to Outlook ’ s Newsletter Farmers ’ Tractor Rally : Punjab CM Amarinder Singh Condemns Violence ; Urges Farmers To Leave Delhi Heavy Rains Lash Mumbai ; Streets , Rail Tracks Flooded Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed , 18 Injured As Residential Building Collapses Delhi ’ s Draft Master Plan 2041 Focuses On Environment , Economy , Mobility And Heritage Govt Issues Guidelines On Covid Management In Children , Here Are The Recommendations Road To Delhi Starts From UP ‘ BJP Will Come Back To Power In UP… The Party Will Keep Coming Back ’ To Make Tea , Add Water Lakshadweep Isn ’ t Maldives Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed in Residential Building Collapse Farmers ' Protest And Covid : Under The Anxious Summer Sky Jitin Prasada Joins BJP : Bad Optics For Congress , But Jitin Is No Jyotiraditya Battle For UP : Can A Divided , Dithering Opposition Challenge Yogi ?
BJP ’ s Karnataka Conundrum : If Not Yediyurappa , Then Who ?
'Ring Of Fire ' On June 10 : India To Miss Out On Celestial Event How Can You Identify Brain Tumor Early ?
How Much Would You Pay For A Kidney ?
Himachal ’ s Covid Infection Rate Drops To 5.3 % ; CM Apprises Amit Shah Of Situation French Open : Coco Gauff Makes Breakthrough In Paris At 17 ENG Vs NZ , 1st Test : Dom Sibley Stands Firm A England Dig In For Drab Draw Nutrition in COVID-19 times The Body Says What Words Can not : Dancing Docs Cheer Himachal Patients Up Save Food- Feed India Cricket Is All About Risk Management : Jos Buttler After First IPL Century If you are not a subscriber ?
Sign Up If you are a existing subscriber ?
Sign In OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below
