the fully loaded magazine In a one-of-a-kind incident , a retired Army officer in Himachal Pradesh disinherited his only son to punish him for his participation in the farmers ’ protests against the Centre ’ s three new agriculture legislations .
Ajmer Singh , who retired from the Indian Army in 2005 , runs a shop in Himachal ’ s Jamli village and is a part-time farmer .
While he strongly supports the Centre ’ s new farm legislations , his son Paramjit Singh , participated in the farmers ’ protests in New Delhi .
This act of rebellion did not go down well with Ajmer Singh .
“ I saw him ( Paramjit ) give interviews to some TV channels in Delhi .
How could he do this ? ” asks Ajmer , who is still reeling from shock .
Ajmer has also urged the Delhi Police to arrest his son .
The retired Army officer is of the opinion that the farmers ’ agitation is backed by a few political parties with vested interests .
Lashing out at his son , Ajmer said that Paramjit knows nothing about farming .
Justifying his decision to disinherit his son , Ajmer said that the latter attended the protests knowing well that such an act would displease him .
“ Let the Delhi police book him ( Paramjit ) for his anti-national act .
The Centre ’ s three new laws are in the farmers ’ interest .
I wish I had more power to act against him but this is all I can do , ” Ajmer said .
When contacted over phone Paramjit Singh admitted that he did attend the farmers agitation in Delhi .
`` My father must have seen my interview or someone must have told him about it .
Soon after that , he got annoyed and announced in our family WhatsApp group that he was disinheriting me .
But I don ’ t think he ’ ll see it through , ” Paramjit told Outlook .
BJP-ruled Himachal has so far been largely unaffected by the farmers ’ agitation .
Subscribe to Outlook ’ s Newsletter Rajya Sabha Passes Delhi Bill Empowering Lt Governor Amid Walkout Heavy Rains Lash Mumbai ; Streets , Rail Tracks Flooded Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed , 18 Injured As Residential Building Collapses Delhi ’ s Draft Master Plan 2041 Focuses On Environment , Economy , Mobility And Heritage Govt Issues Guidelines On Covid Management In Children , Here Are The Recommendations Road To Delhi Starts From UP ‘ BJP Will Come Back To Power In UP… The Party Will Keep Coming Back ’ To Make Tea , Add Water Lakshadweep Isn ’ t Maldives Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed in Residential Building Collapse Farmers ' Protest And Covid : Under The Anxious Summer Sky Jitin Prasada Joins BJP : Bad Optics For Congress , But Jitin Is No Jyotiraditya Battle For UP : Can A Divided , Dithering Opposition Challenge Yogi ?
BJP ’ s Karnataka Conundrum : If Not Yediyurappa , Then Who ?
'Ring Of Fire ' On June 10 : India To Miss Out On Celestial Event How Can You Identify Brain Tumor Early ?
How Much Would You Pay For A Kidney ?
Himachal ’ s Covid Infection Rate Drops To 5.3 % ; CM Apprises Amit Shah Of Situation French Open : Coco Gauff Makes Breakthrough In Paris At 17 ENG Vs NZ , 1st Test : Dom Sibley Stands Firm A England Dig In For Drab Draw Nutrition in COVID-19 times The Body Says What Words Can not : Dancing Docs Cheer Himachal Patients Up Save Food- Feed India Cricket Is All About Risk Management : Jos Buttler After First IPL Century If you are not a subscriber ?
Sign Up If you are a existing subscriber ?
Sign In OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below
