Topics Farmers protests | Supreme Court | New Delhi Press Trust of India | New Delhi Last Updated at January 12 , 2021 15:06 IST https : //mybs.in/2ZbH2Pu Farmer leaders welcomed the Supreme Court 's order to stay the implementation of three farm laws on Tuesday , but said they would not call off their protest until the legislations are repealed .
The Sankyukt Kisan Morcha , an umbrella body of around 40 protesting farmer unions , has called a meeting later in the day to decide the next course of action.document.write ( `` < ! -- '' ) ; if ( isUserBanner== '' free '' & & ( displayConBanner==1 ) ) document.write ( `` -- > '' ) ; googletag.cmd.push ( function ( ) { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot ( '/6516239/outofpage_1x1_desktop ' , 'div-gpt-ad-1490771277198-0 ' ) .addService ( googletag.pubads ( ) ) ; googletag.pubads ( ) .enableSyncRendering ( ) ; googletag.enableServices ( ) ; } ) ; The farmer leaders said they are not willing to participate in any proceedings before a committee appointed by the Supreme Court , but a formal decision on this will be taken by the Morcha .
`` We welcome the court 's order to stay the implementation of the farm laws , but we want a complete repeal of these laws , '' Abhimanyu Kohar , a senior leader of the Morcha , told PTI .
Another farmer leader , Harinder Lokhwal , said the protest will continue until the contentious farm laws are repealed .
The Supreme Court stayed the implementation of the controversial farm laws till further orders on Tuesday and decided to set up a committee to resolve the impasse between the Centre and the farmers ' unions protesting at Delhi 's borders over the legislations .
A bench headed by Chief Justice S A Bobde said it will pass an order to this effect .
The committee will look into the farmers ' grievances against the three laws .
Thousands of farmers , mostly from Haryana and Punjab , have been protesting at several border points of Delhi since November 28 last year , demanding a repeal of the three laws and a legal guarantee on the minimum support price for their crops .
( Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff ; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed . )
Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
