Jump to navigation Speak Now Congress leader Randeep Singh Surjewala has accused the Centre of tricking the farmers .
In a tweet , Surjewala said , `` Mr. Modi , you and your ministers should not trick the farmers .
What will happen if the three black laws are suspended for a year and a half ?
All the flaws will remain the same .
Why do n't you end these three laws ?
What kind of ego is this ? Hats off to the spirit of all the struggling fighters .
Farmers will win ! ''
, ?
?
?
!
pic.twitter.com/TAj1Q6BeCq In its official statement , the Bharatiya Kisan Union said that it told Union Agriculture Minister NS Tomar that the NIA and state police units are being used to intimidate those who support farmers ' protests .
`` On one hand you talk about solution to farmers ' issues while on the other hand , you are using the National Invetigation Agency , Haryana Police Uttar Pradesh Police , Uttarakhand Police , and police of other states to pressurize the agitators and those supporting the farmers ' protests .
Artistes and those who donate our cause from their income are being served notices from the NIA , '' the BKU told minister Tomar , according to their official press release .
In an official statement , Bharatiya Kisan Union ( BKU ) has said that an internal meeting of the Samyukt Kisan Morcha will be held tomorrow to discuss Centre 's proposal of stalling the new farm laws for up to two years .
The farmer unions will then inform their decision to the government .
The next meeting between unions and Centre will be held on January 22 .
`` I feel that talks are progressing in the right direction and there is a possibility of finding a resolution on Jan 22 , news agency ANI quoted Union Agriculture Minister Narendra Singh Tomar as saying .
He added , `` During discussions , we said that govt is ready to put on hold the farm laws for one or one and half year .
I 'm happy that farmer unions have taken this very seriously & said that they would consider it tomorrow & convey their decision on Jan 22 '' .
I feel that talks are progressing in the right direction and there is a possibility of finding a resolution on Jan 22 : Union Agriculture Minister Narendra Singh Tomar https : //t.co/QqChrpXL9E The Congress Party in Mumbai will organise a protest march from Azad Maidan to Raj Bhawan in support of the farmers ’ movement on January 25 .
Maharashtra Congress President will lead the march .
Various farmer support groups have called for protests in Mumbai from January 23-25 .
Addressing reporters , Agriculture Minister NS Tomar said , `` Today is the Prakash Parv of Guru Gobind Singh .
Our effort was to find a solution today .
The government was ready to explain and create amendments .
Government proposed to unions that if u have apprehensions the government is ready to consider them .
Government wants to invoke trust .
Supreme Court has put laws on interim hold , so government proposed to discuss laws .
Time is needed - it can be 6 months to 18 months .
The government conveyed that we are ready to postpone the implementation of laws for one or one-and-half years '' .
Addressing the media , Agriculture Minister NS Tomar said , `` Farmer unions and government will try to create a resolution on January 22 .
Farmers have told the government that they will revert on January 22 .
Once there is a broad consensus on the government 's proposal , then members and mechanisms would be discussed .
In the intervening period , farmers can return back home by ending their protest '' .
The tenth round of talks between farmers and Centre has ended after 5 hours .
The next farmer-Centre meeting is to be held on Jan 22 .
As per sources , farmer unions will discuss the government 's proposal with protesting farmers .
Negotiations are underway between farmers and government despite several farmer unions rejecting the government proposal .
Farmers have decided in the meeting that they will not accept anything lesser than the withdrawal of farm laws .
Farmer union sources have said that the government has offered to suspend the implementation of farm laws for two years .
The meeting between farmers and Centre has resumed .
During talks between government and farmers , the Centre offered to stay the new farm laws for a certain period of time .
The Centre also offered to form a committee consisting of representatives from both sides- government and farmers .
However , farmers have rejected the government 's offer .
The members have now taken a tea break from the meeting .
The Supreme Court has issued a notice on a plea seeking the addition of a member to the four-member committee to resolve the impasse over them between the Centre and farmers ' unions protesting at Delhi borders .
An application had been filed on behalf of the farmers to reconstitute the expert committee after one member recused from it .
`` The NIA is being misused against protesting farmers .
The government is jittery about retired army personnel joining agitation as the government is trying to prove that those protesting are anti-national , '' said Majinder Singh Sirsa , President , Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management committee and National Spokesman , Akali Dal .
He has also alleged that the UP Police is trying to stop UP farmers from coming to Delhi .
On Wednesday , Sirsa tweeted , `` Why are farmers of Uttar Pradesh getting notices under CRPC 149 from @ Uppolice .
This is a malicious attempt to stop the farmers from joining farmers protest at Delhi border .
Such acts are against the democratic spirit .
We stand with our farmers of UP and extend them all support `` Why are farmers of Uttar Pradesh getting notices under CRPC 149 from @ UppoliceThis is a malicious attempt to stop the farmers from joining farmers protest at Delhi borderSuch acts are against the democratic spirit.We stand with our farmers of UP and extend them all support https : //t.co/8ydtpC1T36 pic.twitter.com/9GXbGWR80w During the Centre-farmers ' meet , the farmers have alleged that the government is using NIA to target the people protesting against the new farm laws .
In reply , the government said that if someone is innocent then the farmers can give them a list and they will consider it .
The meeting between the Centre and the farmers has broken for lunch .
Farmers ' 'langar ' has arrived at Vigyan Bhawan .
There has been no breakthrough in today 's talks between the government and farmers so far .
Farmers say , `` It 's the same old place , same ministers and the same old talks .
This only means that another rounds of talks will take place '' .
The 10th round of talks between protesting farmer unions and three central ministers got underway here on Wednesday to break the over-a-month-long deadlock on the three new agri laws .
Union Agriculture Minister Narendra Singh Tomar , Railways , Commerce and Food Minister Piyush Goyal and Minister of State for Commerce Som Parkash , who is an MP from Punjab , are holding the talks with the representatives of around 40 farmer unions at the Vigyan Bhawan here .
The tenth round of talks between farmer unions and the Centre over the three farm laws begins at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi .
https : //t.co/oqPjGpHgyu pic.twitter.com/XrpvrwWxKy Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
