Discover Thomson Reuters By Manoj Kumar , Rajendra Jadhav , Nigam Prusty 3 Min Read NEW DELHI/MUMBAI ( Reuters ) - Farmers ’ protests against new laws liberalising agricultural markets spread across India on Tuesday , as farm organisations called for a nationwide strike after inconclusive talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi ’ s government .
In eastern and western states , farmers blocked roads and squatted on railway tracks , delaying hordes of people getting to work , and preventing perishable produce from reaching markets .
Farmers from the northern states of Punjab and Haryana , neighbouring New Delhi , have been at the vanguard of the agitation since last month , and have set up protest camps in and around the capital .
“ We will not allow the government to change the rules because they want to hurt farmers ’ income by filling the pockets of big companies , ” said Gurwinder Singh , a 66-year-old farmer from Punjab , a state known as the food bowl of India .
The reforms enacted in September loosened rules around the sale , pricing and storage of farm produce that have protected farmers from an unfettered free market for decades .
Assured of floor prices , most currently sell the bulk of their produce at government-controlled wholesale markets , known as mandis .
The ruling Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) has said the reforms would not hurt farmers ’ incomes .
More talks between the government and farmer organisations are due on Wednesday .
Home Minister Amit Shah late on Tuesday invited leaders of protesting farmers ’ unions for talks .
“ Most likely , the government on Wednesday will give a written proposal about the likely amendments in the laws .
Once we receive the proposals , we will examine them , ” farmers ’ leader Hanan Molla told reporters after the meeting .
Social media has fanned sympathy for the farmers ’ cause among the Indian diaspora abroad .
During recent days , thousands of people have protested in support of the farmers outside the Indian embassy in central London .
During the coronavirus pandemic , protest sites around New Delhi have turned into camps , with entire families cooking and sleeping in the open and Sikh religious organisations were providing them with face masks , water and food .
Reporting by India bureau ; Writing by Rupam Jain and Mayank Bhardwaj ; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore and David Gregorio Our Standards : The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles .
All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes .
See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays .
