Jump to navigation Speak Now Internet connectivity has been temporarily suspended at the three farmers ' protest sites of Singhu , Ghazipur , Tikri and adjoining areas for 24 hours till Saturday night , an order issued by the Ministry of Home Affairs said .
The order comes on a day farmer unions held a countrywide 'chakka jam ' between 12 noon and 3 pm to protest the Internet ban in areas near their agitation sites .
Follow farmers ' protest LIVE Updates The decision has been taken to `` maintain public safety and averting public emergency '' under Temporary Suspension of Telecom Services ( Public Emergency or Public Safety ) Rules 2017 , the order said .
Earlier , the suspension of internet services was ordered at Singhu , Ghazipur , and Tikri borders and their adjoining areas from 11 pm on January 29 and was effective till 11 pm on January 31 , which was further extended till February 2 .
Similar orders blocking internet services had been passed in Haryana and Punjab as well following the violence on Republic Day .
The 'chakka jam ' , which saw protesters blocking roads in almost all states except Delhi , Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand , went off peacefully even though Delhi Police intensified security at all border points of the national capital .
The protest was mostly visible in Punjab and Haryana , where farmers parked their tractor-trailers in middle of roads and raised slogans against the Centre .
Women took part in the agitation in sizeable number at several places , including in Sangrur and Ludhiana .
Meanwhile , Bharatiya Kisan Union ( BKU ) leader Rakesh Tikait said the farmers had given time to the government till October 2 to repeal the farm laws .
`` We have given time to the government till 2nd October to repeal the laws .
After this , we will do further planning .
We wo n't hold discussions with the government under pressure , '' Rakesh Tikait said .
The farmers , mainly from Punjab and Haryana , have been camping at Delhi ’ s doorstep for over two months now , demanding a complete repeal of the three farm laws .
READ | Farmers have given time to govt till October 2 to repeal farm laws , says Rakesh Tikait Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
50 killed , 70 injured as passenger trains collide in Pakistan ; Army called in Police probing possible abduction of Mehul Choksi , says Antigua PM William , Kate congratulate Harry and Meghan on birth of their baby girl India reports 1 lakh fresh Covid cases , lowest in 60 days ; toll nears 3.5 lakh Markets , malls reopen in Delhi on odd-even basis Covid-19 caused excess mortality rate in rural India Mumbai unlocks today .
Watch to know what is allowed Covid-19 : Massive vaccination drive carried out at Apollo Hospital in Bengaluru Watch : Delhi unlocks from today | Ground report Exclusive | Mystery man behind fugitive Mehul Choksi 's escape BJP attacks Kejriwal , says he should implement Centre 's one nation one ration card scheme Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
