Topics Rahul Gandhi | Bharatiya Janata Party | Farm Bills ANI Last Updated at December 25 , 2020 13:23 IST https : //mybs.in/2YSgfAn Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) has hit out at former Congress chief Rahul Gandhi and asked him to clarify where and with what intention he is supporting farmers .
Addressing a press conference on Thursday , BJP MP Dr Sudhanshu Trivedi said that if there is no APMC Act in Kerala then why the Wayanad MP does not stand with farmers there.document.write ( `` < ! -- '' ) ; if ( isUserBanner== '' free '' & & ( displayConBanner==1 ) ) document.write ( `` -- > '' ) ; googletag.cmd.push ( function ( ) { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot ( '/6516239/outofpage_1x1_desktop ' , 'div-gpt-ad-1490771277198-0 ' ) .addService ( googletag.pubads ( ) ) ; googletag.pubads ( ) .enableSyncRendering ( ) ; googletag.enableServices ( ) ; } ) ; '' Rahul Gandhi is Wayanad MP .
Is there the APMC Act in Kerala ?
If not , then , why do n't you stand with farmers there ?
How is it possible that something is good for Kerala , and not in Delhi ?
He must clarify where and with what intention he is supporting farmers , '' Trivedi said .
Farmers continue their protest at the borders of Delhi against the Farmers ' Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation ) Act , 2020 ; the Farmers ( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Act , 2020 ; and the Essential Commodities ( Amendment ) Act , 2020 .
( Only the headline and picture of this report may have been reworked by the Business Standard staff ; the rest of the content is auto-generated from a syndicated feed . )
Business Standard has always strived hard to provide up-to-date information and commentary on developments that are of interest to you and have wider political and economic implications for the country and the world .
Your encouragement and constant feedback on how to improve our offering have only made our resolve and commitment to these ideals stronger .
Even during these difficult times arising out of Covid-19 , we continue to remain committed to keeping you informed and updated with credible news , authoritative views and incisive commentary on topical issues of relevance .
We , however , have a request .
As we battle the economic impact of the pandemic , we need your support even more , so that we can continue to offer you more quality content .
Our subscription model has seen an encouraging response from many of you , who have subscribed to our online content .
More subscription to our online content can only help us achieve the goals of offering you even better and more relevant content .
We believe in free , fair and credible journalism .
Your support through more subscriptions can help us practise the journalism to which we are committed .
Support quality journalism and subscribe to Business Standard .
Digital Editor PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Copyrights © 2021 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved .
Upgrade To Premium Services Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of `` Business Standard Premium Services '' As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include : Premium Services In Partnership with Dear Guest , Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS .
Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme .
Enjoy Reading !
Team Business Standard
