Jump to navigation Speak Now The seventh round of talks between the farmers ’ unions and the government on Monday is centred on one key demand — replacing the new farms laws with a legal framework that guarantees the Minimum Support Price ( MSP ) to the farmers .
This brings into focus one of the two lapsed Private Member ’ s Bills that were introduced by then parliamentarian and farmer leader Raju Shetti in Parliament in 2018 .
The farmers ’ unions demand an Ordinance to give effect to that Bill and repeal the existing farm laws .
If this demand is not met , the farmers ’ unions have threatened to march to Delhi from its borders .
The two Bills were introduced in the Lok Sabha by then Member of Parliament Raju Shetti of the Swabhimani Paksha and had the approval of the All India Kisan Sangharsh Coordination Committee ( AIKSCC ) .
The two Bills were , `` The Farmers ’ Freedom from Indebtedness Bill 2018 '' and `` The Farmers ’ Right to Guaranteed Remunerative Minimum Support price for Agricultural Commodities Bill 2018 '' .
Both Bills had lapsed with the dissolution of the previous Lok Sabha .
They provide for legal guarantee to the MSP .
In the current negotiations with the government , these Bills have emerged as a ready-made solution for the farmers to end the farm stir .
Read : Farmers ’ protest : States that have bypassed farm laws The first Bill provides for complete loan waiver for all farmers and agricultural workers including landless peasants , sharecroppers and fisher-folks .
It calls for declaration of even private loans as null and void requiring payment to the creditors by the government without any recovery from the debtors or farmers .
It also provides for setting up of a commission in the states and at the Centre for appropriate relief measures for farmers in the times of disasters and distress .
Such a comprehensive financial measure is unlikely to be accepted by the government .
As a matter of rule , the Narendra Modi government has left the issue of loan waiver to individual states till date .
The second Bill would have the government take measures to bring down the input cost of farming through specific regulation of the prices of seeds , agriculture machinery and equipment , diesel , fertilisers and insecticides while making purchase of farm produces below the MSP as illegal and punishable .
This Bill states , “ Any trader , including a trader in any contract farming arrangement , purchasing any commodity below the guaranteed remunerative MSP shall be liable for penalties. ” The guaranteed remunerative MSP bill makes it obligatory for the government to ensure that the Agriculture Produce Market Committee ( APMC ) mandis and other agriculture markets must procure or purchase the farm produces above the fixed MSP .
It makes the “ guaranteed remunerative MSP as the floor price and no auction shall be allowed below the said price ” .
Read : It ’ s tera farmer vs mera farmer over 3 farm laws This Bill also provides for setting up a Cost and Prices Commission to assess the cost of production taking into account the paid-up cost , family labour , land rent , depreciation of capital inputs , interest and insurance — designated as C2 cost .
The commission will be responsible to ensure the guaranteed remunerative MSP plus 50 per cent on the purchase of farm produces in agriculture markets .
When introduced in 2018 , the two Bills had got the support of several Opposition parties including the Congress , the Shiv Sena , the NCP , the CPI-M , the TMC , the BSP and the DMK .
Raju Shetti ’ s Swabhimani Paksha was part of the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance ( NDA ) in 2014 Lok Sabha polls but at the time of tabling the two Bills in the Lok Sabha in August 2018 , Shetti had joined the Congress-led United Progressive Alliance ( UPA ) .
Read : Reliance says not looking to benefit from farm laws , no plans to enter contract farming Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Covid : Why you should take happy hypoxia seriously 'Faulty refrigerator ' spoils 480 doses of Covishield in Rajasthan 's Banswara Pandemic propels Auckland to top of EIU ’ s most liveable cities ranking Ladakh Covid warriors ride JCB machine to cross river , Twitter salutes brave effort Meet The Dominican Who Sings About Mehul Choksi After Jitin Prasada 's exit , now rumblings in Rajasthan Congress Mamata Banerjee meets Rakesh Tikait , extends support to farmers ' protest Exclusive | Barbara Jarabica says Mehul Choksi flirted with her , gifted fake diamond rings , bracelets Uddhav Thackeray meets PM Modi over Maratha quota , GST compensation Nusrat Jahan says marriage with Nikhil Jain not legal in India Congress implodes : First Scindia , now Prasada and next Sachin Pilot ?
World Environment Day : Youngsters Plant Cannabis In Kerala Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
