Farmers in Punjab and Haryana on Thursday put up road blockades at many places as part of a nationwide `` chakka jam '' agitation in protest against three central farm laws and demanded that these be withdrawn .
The call for the nationwide `` chakka jam '' from 12 noon to 4 pm was given by the All India Kisan Sangharsh Coordination Committee .
Protesting farmers owing allegiance to different outfits blocked state and national highways at several places , causing inconvenience to commuters .
Though police authorities diverted traffic at many places , yet the commuters faced traffic snarls .
Farmers slammed the BJP-led government at the Centre for bringing the `` black laws '' and expressed fear that these legislations would destroy the farming community and would only `` benefit '' big corporate houses .
Punjab farmers ' bodies also lashed out at the Centre for suspending goods trains in the state that has affected the supply of coal , fertiliser and other essential items .
Bharatiya Kisan Union ( Ekta Ugrahan ) General Secretary Sukhdev Singh Kokrikalan said they have put up road blockades at 35 places , including Sangrur , Bathinda , Mansa , Barnala , Patiala , Ludhiana , in Punjab as part of the `` chakka jam '' protest .
Kisan Mazdoor Sangharsh Committee General Secretary Sarwan Singh Pandher said their members blocked roads at 45 places in 10 districts of Punjab .
BKU ( Charuni ) President Gurnam Singh said they have planned to hold protests at around 20 places in Haryana , including Karnal , Rohtak , Kaithal , Jind , Hisar and Fatehabad .
A protesting farmer in Bathinda said the Narendra Modi government wanted to `` defame and derail '' farmers ' protest by suspending goods trains in the state .
The railways have suspended the operation of freight trains in the wake of the blockade of some rail tracks by farmers in protest against the three central farm laws .
Farmers ' bodies protesting against three central farm laws have expressed apprehension that the new laws would pave the way for the dismantling of the minimum support price system , leaving them at the `` mercy '' of big corporate entities .
They demanded that these be withdrawn .
The three farm laws -- the Farmers ' Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation ) Act , the Farmers ( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement of Price Assurance and Farm Services Act and the Essential Commodities ( Amendment ) Act , 2020 -- were enacted recently .
The Centre has asserted that these new laws will be beneficial for farmers and will increase their income .
Outlook Group AB-10 Safdarjung Enclave , New Delhi -110029 011-71280400 71280433 & 71280462 agricontact @ outlookindia.com
