Jump to navigation Speak Now Indian National Lokdal leader Abhay Singh Chautala on Wednesday resigned from the membership of the Haryana Legislative Assembly in support of the farmers protesting in Delhi against three farm laws .
His resignation , which comes a day after massive farmers ' rally-turned-into-ruckus in New Delhi , has been accepted by Speaker Gian Chand Gupta with immediate effect .
In the letter to the Speaker , Abhay Chautala had slammed the Centre for imposing the `` black laws '' on farmers in an `` undemocratic way '' and said the farming community in the entire country is opposing these legislations .
In his resignation , Abhay Singh Chautala mentioned that he has resigned as farmers ' demands have not been met , the Speaker told reporters at a presser in Chandigarh .
Earlier , Abhay Singh Chautala had announced that he will tender his resignation if the farmers ' issues are not resolved by January 26. !
|| # FarmerProtests # _ pic.twitter.com/cBKUC4LKp7 The 57-year-old INLD leader was the party 's lone MLA in the 90-member state Assembly and represented the Ellenabad seat .
Abhay Singh Chautala is the younger son of INLD president and former Chief Minister Om Prakash Chautala .
After Abhay Singh Chautala 's resignation , the Haryana Assembly now has 40 MLAs of BJP , 10 of ally JJP , 31 members of the main opposition Congress and one MLA of Haryana Lokhit Party .
Seven members are Independents , out of whom five including Power Minister Ranjit Singh Chautala support the ruling combine .
Abhay Singh Chautala 's nephew Dushyant Singh Chautala of JJP is in the BJP-led ruling alliance in Haryana .
( With inputs from PTI ) Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Centre books 30 cr doses of second made-in-India Covid vaccine Relief for journalist Vinod Dua as Supreme Court quashes sedition case Explained : Why Adani Enterprises shares are rising rapidly on stock market India may grant indemnity to Pfizer , Moderna .
But what does it mean ?
Pfizer , Moderna seek indemnity protection in India .
What does it mean ?
Tiger Shroff and Disha Patani booked for violating Covid rules in Mumbai Talking Tech with iQOO India | iQOO Z3 first look , India pricing , specifications and more Serum Institute seeks DCGI nod to manufacture Covid-19 vaccine Sputnik V in India WHO assigns labels to Covid-19 variants Ambulance operators overcharging in Rajasthan 's Jaipur | Exclusive India Today investigation Talking Tech with iQOO India | iQOO Z3 first look , India pricing , specifications and more Mehul Choksi denied bail on charges of illegal entry into Dominica Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
