Discover Thomson Reuters By Alasdair Pal , Devjyot Ghoshal 4 Min Read NEW DELHI ( Reuters ) - Indian farmers on Wednesday postponed a march to parliament on Feb. 1 , the day of the government ’ s budget announcement , following violent clashes with police a day earlier that left one person dead and hundreds injured .
Tens of thousands of farmers have been camped on the outskirts of New Delhi for two months to protest against reforms of the agriculture sector , which they say benefit big private buyers at the expense of growers .
On Tuesday , a protest parade of tractors around the fringes of the capital to coincide with Republic Day celebrations turned into chaos when some farmers diverged from agreed routes and broke through barricades .
Samyukt Kisan Morcha , the group of farm unions organising the protests , condemned the violence which saw protesters - some carrying ceremonial swords - storm into the historic Red Fort complex as police used tear gas and batons to constrain them .
It said on Wednesday the unions would hold rallies and a hunger strike on Saturday but there would be no planned events on Monday , when Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman is due to present the annual budget .
“ Our march to Parliament has been postponed , ” farm leader Balbir Rajewal told a news conference .
“ ( But ) our movement will go on. ” At a separate news conference , Delhi ’ s chief of police S.N .
Srivastava said 394 police officers and constables had been injured in the violence .
“ The violence occurred because terms and conditions were not followed , ” he said .
“ Farmer leaders were involved in the violence. ” More than 25 criminal cases had been filed , with 19 arrests and 50 people detained to date , Srivastava added .
It was not clear how many protesters had been injured , but one farmer died after his tractor overturned during the clashes .
Farm leaders say they were not involved in the violence .
Agriculture employs about half of India ’ s population of 1.3 billion , and unrest among an estimated 150 million landowning farmers is one of the biggest tests Modi has faced since coming to power in 2014 .
While the protests are beginning to undermine support for Modi in the countryside , he retains a solid majority in parliament and his government has shown no sign of bending to farmers ’ demands .
The government says agriculture reform will open up new opportunities for farmers .
Police had removed protesters from the fort complex by Tuesday evening , but a heavy security presence remained on Wednesday .
Roads across the New Delhi remained closed while extra police , including paramilitary units , were at protest sites on the outskirts .
The government blocked the internet in some parts of the capital , and mobile speeds were low .
Farm leaders from the eastern state of Odisha to the western state of Gujarat said on Wednesday they would continue to support protesters in Delhi .
“ We have already made it clear that we want all three agriculture bills to be repealed , ” said Raman Randhawa , a farm leader from Rajasthan state .
“ We will not step back before the laws are scrapped totally by the government. ” Reporting by Alasdair Pal and Devjyot Ghoshal in New Delhi , Anushree Fadnavis in Singhu , Saurabh Sharma in Lucknow , Jatindra Dash in Bhubaneswar and Sumit Khanna in Ahmedabad ; Editing by Robert Birsel , Kim Coghill and Catherine Evans Our Standards : The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles .
All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes .
See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays .
