the fully loaded magazine Farmer groups on Thursday resolved to face arrest and not give in to the Uttar Pradesh government ’ s orders to vacate the protest site and police threat to evict them from Ghazipur border to Delhi .
The resolution to not stop protests came after police and alleged RSS supporters forced farmers from MP , Chhattisgarh and Odisha to evict them from Palwal protest site .
“ We are willing to talk but will not give in to threats to stop our protest .
Even if the police use force , we will not retaliate .
Rather , we are prepared to be arrested as that is part of any andolan , ” said Hannan Mollah , general secretary , All India Kisan Sabha .
Earlier , lookout notices have been issued against farmer leaders named in FIR in connection with the violence during the farmers ' tractor parade on Republic Day by Delhi Police on Thursday .
Delhi Police has intensified its investigation and invoked sedition charges in a case of the Red Fort incident .
Police also asked farmer leaders to respond within three days as to why legal action should not be taken against them for not following conditions set for the parade .
Sources said that around nine crack teams have been formed to locate all the culprits , even as there was no official confirmation from the police yet .
The move comes a day after Police Commissioner S N Shrivastava said that no culprit would be spared .
On Thursday , Shrivastava held a meeting with the special commissioner of police ( Intelligence ) and other senior police officers at the police headquarters .
The farmer unions protesting against the three farm laws alleged that there was a conspiracy behind the violence , which left 394 police personnel injured and one protestor dead .
Thousands of protesting farmers , who reached ITO from the Ghazipur border , had clashed with the police on January 26 .
Many of them , driving tractors , reached the Red Fort and entered the monument .
Some protestors even hoisted flags on the domes and placed the flagstaff at the ramparts of the national monument , where the national flag is unfurled by the prime minister on Independence Day .
`` The Delhi Police has issued lookout notices against farmer leaders named in an FIR in connection with the violence during the tractor parade , '' the police commissioner told PTI .
Police have named 37 farmer leaders , including Rakesh Tikait , Yogendra Yadav and Medha Patkar , in the FIR that mentioned charges of attempt to murder , rioting and criminal conspiracy .
Other farmer leaders who have been listed in the FIR are Darshan Pal , Gurnam Singh Chanduni , Kulwant Singh Sandhu , Satnam Singh Pannu , Joginder Singh Ugraha , Surjeet Singh Phool , Jagjeet Singh Dalewal , Balbir Singh Rajewal and Harinder Singh Lakhoval .
Delhi Police has registered a sedition case in connection with the violence at Red Fort during a tractor parade by farmers on Republic Day , officials said on Thursday .
According to a senior police officer , a case under section 124A ( sedition ) of the Indian Penal Code ( IPC ) has been registered and the incident is being investigated .
Earlier , Delhi Police had named actor Deep Sidhu and gangster-turned-social activist Lakha Sidhana in an FIR lodged in connection with the Red Fort incident .
At the Singhu border point , a 'sadbhawana march ' was taken out by protesting farmer unions .
Union Home Minister Amit Shah on Thursday visited a hospital here to enquire about the health of policemen injured in the violence .
`` Meeting the injured Delhi Police personnel .
We are proud of their courage and bravery , '' Shah tweeted .
Union Home Secretary Ajay Bhalla and Delhi Police Commissioner S N Shrivastava accompanied the home minister .
During the visit , Shah interacted with policemen and also took stock of their health progress from doctors .
In a written message to Delhi Police personnel on Thursday , Shrivastava said that coming days can be more challenging and they will have to be alert .
`` You have showed great patience despite the farmers ' agitation turning violent ... 394 of our friends have been injured in the violence during the farmers ' agitation , '' he said in his message .
Meanwhile , Delhi border points remained under heavy police deployment on Thursday in the aftermath of the violence .
Security personnel have also been deployed at the Red Fort .
A group of people claiming to be locals at Delhi 's Singhu border staged protest at the Singhu border , demanding that the area be vacated following the Republic Day violence in the city .
Thousands of farmers , mostly from Punjab , Haryana and western Uttar Pradesh , have been camping at several border points , demanding a complete repeal of the three farm laws .
With PTI inputs Subscribe to Outlook ’ s Newsletter India Turned Fight Against Covid Into A People 's Movement : PM Modi At Davos Summit Heavy Rains Lash Mumbai ; Streets , Rail Tracks Flooded Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed , 18 Injured As Residential Building Collapses Delhi ’ s Draft Master Plan 2041 Focuses On Environment , Economy , Mobility And Heritage Govt Issues Guidelines On Covid Management In Children , Here Are The Recommendations Road To Delhi Starts From UP ‘ BJP Will Come Back To Power In UP… The Party Will Keep Coming Back ’ To Make Tea , Add Water Lakshadweep Isn ’ t Maldives Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed in Residential Building Collapse Farmers ' Protest And Covid : Under The Anxious Summer Sky Jitin Prasada Joins BJP : Bad Optics For Congress , But Jitin Is No Jyotiraditya Battle For UP : Can A Divided , Dithering Opposition Challenge Yogi ?
BJP ’ s Karnataka Conundrum : If Not Yediyurappa , Then Who ?
'Ring Of Fire ' On June 10 : India To Miss Out On Celestial Event How Can You Identify Brain Tumor Early ?
How Much Would You Pay For A Kidney ?
Himachal ’ s Covid Infection Rate Drops To 5.3 % ; CM Apprises Amit Shah Of Situation French Open : Coco Gauff Makes Breakthrough In Paris At 17 ENG Vs NZ , 1st Test : Dom Sibley Stands Firm A England Dig In For Drab Draw Nutrition in COVID-19 times The Body Says What Words Can not : Dancing Docs Cheer Himachal Patients Up Save Food- Feed India Cricket Is All About Risk Management : Jos Buttler After First IPL Century If you are not a subscriber ?
Sign Up If you are a existing subscriber ?
Sign In OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below
