the fully loaded magazine The decisions taken by the Union Cabinet on Monday will bring about positive changes in the lives of farmers , labourers and workers , Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said as his government enters second year in office .
These decisions will bring tremendous benefits to the farmers , street vendors and micro , small and medium enterprises , he said .
`` To give impetus to the campaign for a self-reliant India , we have not only changed the definition of MSMEs , but have also approved several proposals to revive it .
This will benefit the small and medium scale industries , as well as create huge employment opportunities , '' Modi said in a series of tweets in Hindi and English .
As this Government enters its second year , the Cabinet took important decisions that will have a transformative impact on the MSME sector , our hardworking farmers and street vendors .
Today ’ s decisions will ensure a better quality of life for them .
https : //t.co/5QtQL2djtT PM Street Vendor 's Atma Nirbhar Nidhi ( PM SVANidhi ) is a very special scheme , he said .
`` For the first time , our street vendors are a part of a livelihood programme .
This scheme will ensure support for street vendors .
It harnesses technology and emphasises on capacity building , '' he said .
India will prosper , the prime minister said , when its farmers prosper .
`` Our government has fulfilled its promise to our hardworking farmers of fixing the MSP at a level of at least 1.5 times of the cost of production , '' he said .
Care has also been taken towards improving the financial situation of our farmers , the prime minister noted .
Monday 's meeting was the first meeting of the Union Cabinet after the Modi 2.0 government entered its second year in office .
The government completed one year in office on May 30 .
Union minister Prakash Javadekar said the meet was held on a Monday as it was the first working day after May 30 .
Cabinet usually meets on Wednesdays .
Subscribe to Outlook ’ s Newsletter Unstoppable Sonu Sood : The Messiah For Many Amid Coronavirus Lockdown Heavy Rains Lash Mumbai ; Streets , Rail Tracks Flooded Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed , 18 Injured As Residential Building Collapses Delhi ’ s Draft Master Plan 2041 Focuses On Environment , Economy , Mobility And Heritage Govt Issues Guidelines On Covid Management In Children , Here Are The Recommendations Road To Delhi Starts From UP ‘ BJP Will Come Back To Power In UP… The Party Will Keep Coming Back ’ To Make Tea , Add Water Lakshadweep Isn ’ t Maldives Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed in Residential Building Collapse Farmers ' Protest And Covid : Under The Anxious Summer Sky Jitin Prasada Joins BJP : Bad Optics For Congress , But Jitin Is No Jyotiraditya Battle For UP : Can A Divided , Dithering Opposition Challenge Yogi ?
BJP ’ s Karnataka Conundrum : If Not Yediyurappa , Then Who ?
'Ring Of Fire ' On June 10 : India To Miss Out On Celestial Event How Can You Identify Brain Tumor Early ?
How Much Would You Pay For A Kidney ?
Himachal ’ s Covid Infection Rate Drops To 5.3 % ; CM Apprises Amit Shah Of Situation French Open : Coco Gauff Makes Breakthrough In Paris At 17 ENG Vs NZ , 1st Test : Dom Sibley Stands Firm A England Dig In For Drab Draw Nutrition in COVID-19 times The Body Says What Words Can not : Dancing Docs Cheer Himachal Patients Up Save Food- Feed India Cricket Is All About Risk Management : Jos Buttler After First IPL Century If you are not a subscriber ?
Sign Up If you are a existing subscriber ?
Sign In OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below
