Discover Thomson Reuters By Adnan Abidi , Jatindra Dash 4 Min Read KUNDLI , India ( Reuters ) - Thousands of farmers across India blocked roads on Saturday with makeshift tents , tractors , trucks and boulders to pressure the government to roll back agricultural reforms that have triggered months-long protests .
While the initial protests were started by rice and wheat growers from northern India who camped out on the outskirts of New Delhi , demonstrations have spread across the country , especially in states not ruled by Prime Minister Narendra Modi ’ s party .
The federal government has offered concessions to the farmers but refuses to repeal three laws passed last year that it says are crucial to bring new investment to the sector , which accounts for nearly 15 % of India ’ s $ 2.9 trillion economy and about half its workforce .
Farmers fear the reforms will leave them at the mercy of big corporate buyers , gradually ending the current practice of assured government purchases .
Saturday ’ s three-hour “ chakka jam ” , or road blockade , started around noon across the country , except in New Delhi and a couple of neighbouring states .
The protests were largely held on national and state highways but it was business as usual in most cities .
Avik Saha , a secretary of the All India Kisan Sangharsh Coordination Committee , an umbrella organisation of farmer groups , said about 10,000 places across India were blocked in the three hours .
“ Today ’ s chakka jam clearly showed the government that this is an all-India protest , ” Saha said in a video address on live streaming platform Periscope .
On a highway near the capital , some farmers smoked hookah as songs played on a loudspeaker .
Farmers squatted on the road in the eastern state of Odisha and Karnataka in the south with flags and banners protesting against the laws .
Some carried placards urging the government not to treat them as enemies .
“ Farmers across the country are united against this and we will continue to stand together until the black laws are repealed , ” Dilbag Singh , a 65-year-old farmer protesting in Kundli near the Delhi border , told Reuters .
‘ MAXIMUM RESTRAINT ’ Tens of thousands of farmers have been braving New Delhi ’ s winter by sleeping in the open for months on national highways .
Their protests have mostly been peaceful but a tractor rally on Jan. 26 flared into turmoil as some farmers clashed with police .
Since then , authorities have shut down the mobile internet in parts of the national capital and heavily barricaded border roads to prevent protesters from coming into the city again .
“ The rights to peaceful assembly & expression should be protected both offline & online , ” the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights said on Twitter , calling on authorities and protesters to exercise “ maximum restraint. ” “ It ’ s crucial to find equitable solutions with due respect to # HumanRights for all. ” The issue has also caught international attention with celebrities such as pop star Rihanna and environment campaigner Greta Thunberg announcing their support for the farmers .
The United States has also urged India to resume talks with the farmers .
Reporting by Adnan Abidi in Kundli and Jatindra Dash in Bhubaneshwar ; additional reporting and writing by Abhirup Roy ; Editing by Kim Coghill and Christina Fincher Our Standards : The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles .
All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes .
See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays .
