Jump to navigation Speak Now Farmers in Punjab ’ s Jalandhar attempted to gherao BJP leader Manoranjan Kalia 's house on Friday , while he was hosting the party ’ s outreach programme for farmers .
The BJP on Friday had organised thousands of LED screens across the country to broadcast Prime Minister Narendra Modi ’ s address to farmers as well as celebrate the 96th birth anniversary of former PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee .
One such LED screen was established at BJP leader Manoranjan Kalia 's house in Jalandhar .
He was hosting BJP workers when the farmers tried to gherao his house .
According to police , farmers owning allegiance to the Bharti Kisan Union ( Rajewal ) attempted to gherao the BJP leader ’ s house and interrupt the event , which they found ‘ inappropriate ’ .
While farmers are dying in Delhi , the BJP leaders are putting up screens to hold gatherings , the BKU ( Rajewal ) said , adding they condemn the BJP 's celebratory meets and gatherings at such a time .
Farmers tried to break barricades and police prevented them from doing so , following which a commotion took place in which headgears of some farmers were tossed up , police said .
Police said they did n't take off turbans of farmers .
The turbans came off during the struggle which ensued while police tried to stop farmers , they said .
The BKU ( Rajewal ) said their activists will gherao BJP leaders ' houses on Sunday and hold a protest against the prime minister 's Mann Ki Baat address .
( With agency inputs ) ALSO READ | Why farmers have rejected govt 's offer on agri laws ALSO READ | What agitating farmers want , and why the Centre may not oblige Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Covid : Why you should take happy hypoxia seriously 'Faulty refrigerator ' spoils 480 doses of Covishield in Rajasthan 's Banswara Pandemic propels Auckland to top of EIU ’ s most liveable cities ranking Ladakh Covid warriors ride JCB machine to cross river , Twitter salutes brave effort Meet The Dominican Who Sings About Mehul Choksi After Jitin Prasada 's exit , now rumblings in Rajasthan Congress Mamata Banerjee meets Rakesh Tikait , extends support to farmers ' protest Exclusive | Barbara Jarabica says Mehul Choksi flirted with her , gifted fake diamond rings , bracelets Uddhav Thackeray meets PM Modi over Maratha quota , GST compensation Nusrat Jahan says marriage with Nikhil Jain not legal in India Congress implodes : First Scindia , now Prasada and next Sachin Pilot ?
World Environment Day : Youngsters Plant Cannabis In Kerala Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
