Jump to navigation Speak Now Union Home Minister Amit Shah on Wednesday slammed international celebrities for commenting on ongoing farmers ' stir in India .
The six-month-old protest grabbed international eyeballs on Tuesday when singer and Hollywood celebrity Rihanna tweeted about it .
A few hours later , Swedish climate activist Greta Thunberg took to Twitter to extend support to the farmers ' agitation .
Soon after , a slew of international names had joined the chorus , backing farmers ' agitation and calling the Indian government out on internet shutdowns and stiff security measures .
Reacting to the remarks , Union Home Minister Amit Shah termed the comments as propaganda and said that it wo n't deter India 's unity .
`` No propaganda can deter India ’ s unity !
No propaganda can stop India to attain new heights !
Propaganda can not decide India ’ s fate only ‘ Progress ’ can .
India stands united and together to achieve progress , '' Amit Shah said while retweeting the Ministry of External Affairs ' official response to such comments .
No propaganda can deter India ’ s unity ! No propaganda can stop India to attain new heights ! Propaganda can not decide India ’ s fate only ‘ Progress ’ can.India stands united and together to achieve progress. # IndiaAgainstPropaganda # IndiaTogether https : //t.co/ZJXYzGieCt MEA on Rihanna , Greta In an official statement , released on Wednesday , the MEA slammed the remarks made by Rihanna and other celebrities and activists on farmer protests , saying the facts on the issue must be ascertained before rushing to comment on it , and asserted that the `` temptation '' of sensationalist social media hashtags and views is `` neither accurate nor responsible '' .
The MEA also said some `` vested interest groups '' are trying to enforce their agenda on the protests and that a very small section of farmers in parts of the country has some reservations about the farm reforms which were passed by the Parliament after a full debate and discussion .
`` Before rushing to comment on such matters , we would urge that the facts be ascertained , and a proper understanding of the issues at hand be undertaken , '' the MEA said in a statement .
`` The temptation of sensationalist social media hashtags and comments , especially when resorted to by celebrities and others , is neither accurate nor responsible , '' it said .
Emphasising that the protests must be seen in the context of India 's democratic ethos and polity , the ministry said some vested interest groups have tried to mobilise international support against the country .
Instigated by such `` fringe elements '' , Mahatma Gandhi statues have been desecrated in parts of the world , it said , adding this is `` extremely disturbing '' for India and for civilised society everywhere .
The ministry also noted that respecting the sentiments of the protestors , the Central government has initiated a series of talks with their representatives and Union ministers have been part of the negotiations .
As many as eleven rounds of talks have already been held , it said .
The government has even offered to keep the laws on hold , an offer iterated by no less than the Prime Minister of India , it asserted .
`` Yet , it is unfortunate to see vested interest groups trying to enforce their agenda on these protests , and derail them .
This was egregiously witnessed on January 26 , India ’ s Republic Day .
A cherished national commemoration , the anniversary of the inauguration of the Constitution of India , was besmirched , and violence and vandalism took place in the Indian capital , '' the ministry said .
Indian police forces have handled these protests with utmost restraint , the MEA said , adding it may be noted that hundreds of men and women serving in the police have been physically attacked , and in some cases stabbed and seriously wounded .
Defending the three contentious agri laws , the ministry said , '' these reforms give expanded market access and provided greater flexibility to farmers .
They also pave the way for economically and ecologically sustainable farming . ''
Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Covid : Why you should take happy hypoxia seriously 'Faulty refrigerator ' spoils 480 doses of Covishield in Rajasthan 's Banswara Pandemic propels Auckland to top of EIU ’ s most liveable cities ranking Ladakh Covid warriors ride JCB machine to cross river , Twitter salutes brave effort Meet The Dominican Who Sings About Mehul Choksi After Jitin Prasada 's exit , now rumblings in Rajasthan Congress Mamata Banerjee meets Rakesh Tikait , extends support to farmers ' protest Exclusive | Barbara Jarabica says Mehul Choksi flirted with her , gifted fake diamond rings , bracelets Uddhav Thackeray meets PM Modi over Maratha quota , GST compensation Nusrat Jahan says marriage with Nikhil Jain not legal in India Congress implodes : First Scindia , now Prasada and next Sachin Pilot ?
World Environment Day : Youngsters Plant Cannabis In Kerala Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
