A Democratic American lawmaker on Tuesday urged the Indian government to provide safety to the protesting farmers as he hailed the recent offers of dialogue and a proposal from India 's Supreme Court to set up mediation .
India has called the remarks by foreign leaders and politicians on protests by farmers as `` ill-informed '' and `` unwarranted '' , asserting that the matter pertains to the internal affairs of a democratic country .
`` We have seen some ill-informed comments…relating to farmers in India .
Such comments are unwarranted , especially when pertaining to the internal affairs of a democratic country , '' External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Anurag Srivastava said early this month .
`` I call on India ’ s government to demonstrate its commitment to democratic norms by guaranteeing protesters ’ safety and by treating them with respect .
Democracy demands this much , '' Congressman David Trone said .
Trone , who represents the sixth Congressional District of Maryland , also expressed concern over reports of violence used against the protesters .
He was first elected to the House of Representatives in 2018 .
`` I further welcome the government ’ s engagement with the protestors , including recent offers of dialogue and a proposal from India 's Supreme Court to set up mediation , '' he said in a statement .
`` As we continue to watch the democratic process unfold in India , where stakeholders from all sides are included , I ’ m hopeful to see a path forward that respects the rights of all Indians , '' said Trone , who previously was owner of a major American wine retailer .
Thousands of farmers from Punjab , Haryana and several other states have been protesting on various borders of Delhi since November 26 , seeking repeal of three farm laws enacted in September .
Dubbing these laws as `` anti-farmer '' , these farmers claim that the newly enacted legislations would pave the way for the dismantling of the minimum support price system , leaving them at the `` mercy '' of big corporations .
However , the government has maintained that the new laws will bring farmers better opportunities and usher in new technologies in agriculture .
There have been multiple rounds of talks between representatives of the protestors and the Indian government but the logjam continues .
`` The partnership between the United States and India has grown exponentially over the course of the past several years based on shared interest in a variety of areas : from security and trade to climate change and human rights , '' he said .
`` Our relationship with India not only helps anchor US policy in the Indo-Pacific , but it serves to set an example for cooperation that extends far beyond our two countries .
As President-elect ( Joe ) Biden takes office in January , I look forward to working with the new Administration to strengthen this partnership based on the democratic values President-elect Biden has espoused throughout his career , '' he said .
Trone said India ’ s citizens , like those of the US , have a longstanding tradition of engaging in a civic debate that aims to hold the government accountable to its people .
`` We are reminded of this as thousands of Indians have taken to the streets in recent weeks to peacefully protest implementation of new laws .
Their demonstration is an exercise of the democratic process , one that grants civic rights and freedom of expression , ” he said .
Outlook Group AB-10 Safdarjung Enclave , New Delhi -110029 011-71280400 71280433 & 71280462 agricontact @ outlookindia.com
