Jump to navigation Speak Now Bhartiya Kisan Union ( Lokshakti ) , one of the 40 farmers ' outfits spearheading the ongoing agitation , has requested the Supreme Court to remove the remaining three members of the committee on farm laws .
Farmers ' unions have opposed the apex court 's decision to set up a four-member committee to consult stakeholders over the contentious legislation .
Reiterating the stance of farmer leaders , BKU ( Lokshakti ) said the current formation of the SC 's committee will result in a violation of the principle of natural justice since members of the committee have already come out in support of the farm laws .
The outfit urged the top court to nominate members to the committee who can get the job done `` on the basis of harmony '' .
`` It is important to mention here with great regret that the principle of natural justice is going to be violated by making these persons as members of the committee .... how they will hear all farmers on equal parameters when they have already supported these laws , '' the lawyer representing BKU ( Lokshakti ) stated .
One of the members of the committee , Bhupinder Singh Mann had recused himself on January 14 .
Mann is the national president of the Bhartiya Kisan Union ( BKU ) .
Other members include the Director for South Asia at the International Food Policy Research Institute , Dr Parmod Kumar Joshi , former chairman of the Commission for Agricultural Costs and Prices and prominent agricultural economist Ashok Gulati and Shetkari Sanghatana president Anil Ghanwat .
In an affidavit , the farmers ' outfit also sought dismissal of a challenge to the 'Kisan Tractor Parade ' planned for January 26 .
The Government of India , through Delhi Police , had filed a plea in the SC seeking an injunction against the proposed tractor march citing a possible law and order situation during the Republic Day Parade .
A three-judge bench headed by Chief Justice SA Bobde is slated to hear the Centre 's plea in this regard on January 18 .
The apex court had said earlier this week that prohibitory orders under CrPC Section 144 are already in place in the New Delhi area .
Representing farmers ' unions , senior lawyer Dushyant Dave had told the Supreme Court that protesters are patriots who will never disrupt the Republic Day parade .
However , Dave had clarified that farmers agitating against the Centre 's farm laws will not commit to scrapping their plans of a tractor march scheduled for January 26 .
( With inputs from PTI ) Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Covid : Why you should take happy hypoxia seriously 'Faulty refrigerator ' spoils 480 doses of Covishield in Rajasthan 's Banswara Pandemic propels Auckland to top of EIU ’ s most liveable cities ranking Ladakh Covid warriors ride JCB machine to cross river , Twitter salutes brave effort Meet The Dominican Who Sings About Mehul Choksi After Jitin Prasada 's exit , now rumblings in Rajasthan Congress Mamata Banerjee meets Rakesh Tikait , extends support to farmers ' protest Exclusive | Barbara Jarabica says Mehul Choksi flirted with her , gifted fake diamond rings , bracelets Uddhav Thackeray meets PM Modi over Maratha quota , GST compensation Nusrat Jahan says marriage with Nikhil Jain not legal in India Congress implodes : First Scindia , now Prasada and next Sachin Pilot ?
World Environment Day : Youngsters Plant Cannabis In Kerala Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
