Thursday , Jun 10 , 2021 | Last Update : 08:34 AM IST Chandigarh : Farmers gathered at several national highways , key roads and some railway tracks in Punjab and Haryana on Friday morning as part of their nationwide protest against the Centre 's new agri laws .
According to the Samkyukta Kisan Morcha ( SKM ) , the Bharat Bandh is being observed from 6 am to 6 pm to mark four months of the farmers ' agitation at Delhi 's three borders -- Singhu , Ghazipur and Tikri .
Heavy police force has been deployed in the two states as part of security measures , an official said .
The farmers have gathered at several highways and roads in the two states including in Bathinda , Ludhiana , Amritsar , Patiala , Mohali , Rohtak , Jhajjar and Bhiwani districts .
A group of farmers who were holding a protest in Zirakpur and Kharar towns in Punjab , both on the outskirts of Chandigarh , said they were allowing ambulances and other emergency vehicles to pass .
Some of the protesters blocked the Ambala-Delhi highway near Ambala Cantt , police said .
While another group squatted on a railway track near Shahpur village , around five kilometers from Ambala Cantt , due to which all the trains running between Delhi and Saharanpur were stranded , railway officials said .
The farmers also blocked the Ambala-Rajpura Highway on the Haryana-Punjab border near Shambhu barrier , and the Ambala-Hisar Highway near Ambala City .
Blockades on various state highways were also reported in Naraingarh and Mullana in Haryana , police said .
The SKM , an umbrella body of protesting unions , appealed to protesting farmers to be peaceful and not get involved in any kind of illegitimate debate and conflict during the 'bandh ' .
`` All shops , malls , markets and institutions will remain closed under complete Bharat Bandh .
All minor and big roads and trains will be blocked .
All services will remain suspended except for ambulance and other essential services .
The effect of Bharat Bandh will be observed inside Delhi as well , '' SKM had said in a statement .
Farmer leaders have said road and rail transport will be blocked and claimed that markets will also remain closed .
They also claimed that trade unions from organised and unorganised sectors , and transport and other associations too have extended support to the call for Bharat Bandh .
Meanwhile , the Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee ( SGPC ) , apex religious body of the Sikhs , has also supported the nationwide protest .
SGPC president Jagir Kaur had said on Thursday that its offices would be kept closed on Friday in support of the Bharat Bandh .
Thousands of farmers , mainly from Punjab , Haryana and western Uttar Pradesh , have been camping at Singhu , Tikri and Ghazipur demanding a complete repeal of the three farm laws and a legal guarantee for the minimum support price on their crops .
The statement issued by the SKM claimed that various farmers ' organisations , trade unions , student organisations , bar associations , political parties and representatives of state governments have supported its call for a nationwide protest .
Apart from repealing of three farm laws , the demands of protesting unions include cancellation of all police cases against farmers , withdrawal of electricity and pollution bills , and reduction in prices of diesel , petrol and gas .
So far , there have been 11 rounds of talks between the protesting unions and government , but the deadlock has continued as both sides have stuck to their stand .
In January , the government had offered to suspend the farm laws for 12-18 months , which was rejected by the farmer unions .
Traffic movement suspended on Ghazipur border The Delhi Police on Friday closed both carriageways of National Highway-24 passing through the Ghazipur border in view of the 'Bharat Bandh ' called by farmer unions protesting against the three agri laws .
In a tweet , the Delhi Traffic Police said , `` Traffic movement is closed on Ghazipur Border NH-24 ( Both carriageways ) . ''
The one side of the carriageway was earlier opened on March 15 for traffic .
However , the other side from Ghaziabad towards Delhi is closed since the farmers ' protest started .
The Delhi Police has said adequate security arrangements have been put in place in view of the bandh .
Delhi Police PRO Chinmoy Biswal had said there will be intense patrolling to maintain peace in the national capital .
`` There will be adequate security arrangements in all police districts during the bandh .
`` The patrolling staff will roam in their area throughout the day and their focus will be to maintain peace in busy marketplaces , '' Biswal had said .
We have updated our Privacy and Cookie Policy .
If you continue to use our site , you agree to the updated Policies .
