Thursday , Jun 10 , 2021 | Last Update : 08:32 AM IST New Delhi : The Prime Minister on Saturday told leaders of various political parties that the government has been continuously trying to resolve the issues raised by protesting farmers through talks .
Addressing floor leaders of various political parties at the customary all-party meeting convened by the government for the smooth conduct of the Budget Session , the Prime Minister said the that Centre ’ s proposal on the three new agriculture laws still stands .
Virtually addressing the party leaders , Narendra Modi told them that agriculture minister Narendra Singh Tomar was just a phone call away for protesting farmers and the agriculture minister himself had conveyed the same to farmer leaders earlier this month .
Sharing the details of the meeting chaired by Modi and attended by defence minister Rajnath Singh , parliamentary affairs minister Prahlad Joshi said , “ The Prime Minister assured that the Centre is approaching the farmers issue with an open mind. ” Emphasising on the need for smooth functioning of Parliament , Modi said smaller parties suffer the most due to disruptions as they do not get chance to raise their issues .
“ It is for the bigger parties to ensure Parliament functions smoothly , there are no disruptions and thus , the smaller parties are able to voice their views in Parliament , ” Joshi said citing Modi ’ s remarks .
The all-party meeting is convened for the government to put forth its legislative agenda before political parties .
Leaders from various parties flag issues they wish to raise during the meeting .
The Prime Minister also condemned the vandalism of Mahatma Gandhi ’ s statue in California in the US , the parliamentary affairs minister said .
“ The Prime Minister said the Centre ’ s stand is same as it was on January 22 , the last meeting between the protesting farmers and the Centre and proposal given by Agriculture Minister on the farm laws still stands .
Modiji reiterated what Tomarji had said - that he ( Narendra Singh Tomar ) is phone call away for talks , ” Mr Joshi said , quoting Modi .
The all-party meeting is convened for the government to put forth its legislative agenda before political parties at the commencement of a parliamentary session .
Leaders from various parties flag issues they wish to raise during the meeting .
At the meeting , various leaders including Ghulam Nabi Azad of Congress , Sudip Bandyopadhyay of Trinamul Congress , Balwinder Singh Bhunder of Shiromani Akali Dal and Vinayak Raut of Shiv Sena raised the issue of protesting farmers , sources said .
While almost all opposition parties condemned the violence and vandalism at the Red Fort by a group of protesting farmers on Republic Day , they asserted that other farmers protesting peacefully should not be held responsible for it .
Meanwhile , the BJD demanded the passage of women ’ s reservation bill during the budget session , which was supported by the YSR Congress and the TRS .
TMC ’ s Bandyopadhyay said boycott of President ’ s address by 20 opposition parties was a strong message for the government to withdraw the farm laws , the sources said .
We have updated our Privacy and Cookie Policy .
If you continue to use our site , you agree to the updated Policies .
