Jump to navigation Speak Now External Affairs Minister ( EAM ) S Jaishankar will skip Canada-led meetings to formulate strategies on the coronavirus pandemic amid the fresh row between the two nations over remarks made by Canadian PM Justin Trudeau on the ongoing farmers ' protest in India .
India Today TV has learned that New Delhi has informed Ottawa that EAM Jaishankar will not attend the meeting that is to take place on December 7 due to `` scheduling issues '' .
The government sources said the Ministry of External Affairs ( MEA ) told the Canadian government that Jaishankar is not available to attend the December 7 meeting organised by Canadian Foreign Minister Francois-Philippe Champagne because of `` scheduling '' issues .
Jaishankar had participated in a virtual meet last month of the Ministerial Coordination Group of Covid-19 ( MCGC ) , led by Canadian foreign minister Francois-Phillippe Champagne .
The minister has tweeted , `` Pleased to participate in the Group of Foreign Ministers Meeting to exchange experiences on COVID-related challenges .
Thank FM @ FP_Champagne of Canada for convening the meeting . ''
Pleased to participate in the Group of Foreign Ministers Meeting to exchange experiences on COVID-related challenges .
Thank FM @ FP_Champagne of Canada for convening the meeting .
pic.twitter.com/5KxSmsFbf3 With the remarks made by Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau over the farmers ' protest , sources say the Indian administration is unhappy with the `` ill-informed '' and `` unwarranted '' comments being made in Ottawa that could impact bilateral relations between India and Canada .
On Friday , Canadian envoy to New Delhi Nadir Patel was summoned by the MEA and a strong demarche was issued where India said that such remarks made by PM Justin Trudeau could have a `` damaging '' impact on relations between the two countries .
`` The Canadian High Commissioner was summoned to the Ministry of External Affairs today and informed that comments by the Canadian Prime Minister , some Cabinet Ministers and Members of Parliament on issues relating to Indian farmers constitute an unacceptable interference in our internal affairs , '' a statement issued by the MEA said .
Such actions , if continued , would have a seriously damaging impact on ties between India and Canada , the MEA said .
Despite the Canadian High Commissioner to India being summoned by the MEA over comments made by Canadian politicians , including the Canadian leadership , Justin Trudeau continued to maintain that he would stand for the rights of the Indian farmers to peacefully protest .
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Friday reiterated his position on the ongoing farmers ' protest against the farm bills in India .
When asked about India saying that his remarks could impact ties he said , `` Canada will always stand up for the right of peaceful protest and human rights '' .
When asked again about relations with India , he maintained , `` Canada will always stand up for the right of peaceful protest anywhere around the world .
We are pleased to see moves towards de-escalation and dialogue . ''
Taking serious note of the views of politicians in Canada , India has said that it has encouraged anti-India elements such as Khalistani supporters to protest outside the Indian missions in Canada , putting the security of diplomats and staff in danger .
`` These comments have encouraged gatherings of extremist activities in front of our High Commission and Consulates in Canada that raise issues of safety and security .
We expect the Canadian Government to ensure the fullest security of Indian diplomatic personnel and its political leaders to refrain from pronouncements that legitimize extremist activism , '' the MEA said .
The farmers ' protests leaped overseas when on the occasion of Gurpurab , the birth anniversary of Guru Nanak , PM Justin Trudeau in an online interaction with the Sikh community leaders and politicians of Canada , said Canada always stood for peaceful protests and would continue to `` defend '' the rights of peaceful protestors in India .
`` I would be remiss if I did n't start also by recognising the news coming out of India about the protest by farmers .
The situation is concerning , and we 're all very worried about family and friends , '' Justin Trudeau said .
`` We know that 's a reality for many of you .
Let me remind you , Canada will always be there to defend the rights of peaceful protesters .
We believe in the process of dialogue .
We 've reached out through multiple means to the Indian authorities to highlight our concerns .
This is a moment for all of us to pull together , '' Justin Trudeau said .
Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Covid : Why you should take happy hypoxia seriously 'Faulty refrigerator ' spoils 480 doses of Covishield in Rajasthan 's Banswara Pandemic propels Auckland to top of EIU ’ s most liveable cities ranking Ladakh Covid warriors ride JCB machine to cross river , Twitter salutes brave effort Meet The Dominican Who Sings About Mehul Choksi After Jitin Prasada 's exit , now rumblings in Rajasthan Congress Mamata Banerjee meets Rakesh Tikait , extends support to farmers ' protest Exclusive | Barbara Jarabica says Mehul Choksi flirted with her , gifted fake diamond rings , bracelets Uddhav Thackeray meets PM Modi over Maratha quota , GST compensation Nusrat Jahan says marriage with Nikhil Jain not legal in India Congress implodes : First Scindia , now Prasada and next Sachin Pilot ?
World Environment Day : Youngsters Plant Cannabis In Kerala Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
