Discover Thomson Reuters By Nigam Prusty , Devjyot Ghoshal 3 Min Read NEW DELHI ( Reuters ) - The Indian government and representatives of protesting farmers failed to reach an agreement on contentious new agriculture laws on Friday and said they will meet again in a week ’ s time .
Tens of thousands of farmers have been camped on the outskirts of the capital New Delhi for over a month , calling for the repeal of laws introduced by the federal government , which says the legislation is aimed at modernising the country ’ s antiquated agricultural sector .
Farm leaders say the laws are an attempt to erode a longstanding minimum support price for their produce and want a full repeal of the laws .
“ The government has constantly said that if the unions give any other option besides repeal , then the government will consider them , ” agriculture minister Narendra Singh Tomar told reporters after the eighth round of talks between the two sides .
“ But despite long discussions , no options were presented today , and that ’ s why the discussions have ended here. ” The two sides will meet again on Jan. 15 , he said .
“ There was a heated discussion .
We said we don ’ t want anything other than repeal of ( the ) laws , ” Hannan Mollah , one of the farm leaders who met with the government , told reporters .
“ We won ’ t go to any court , this ( repeal ) will either be done or we ’ ll continue to fight. ” Mollah added that the protesters would proceed with a rally during India ’ s Republic Day celebration on Jan. 26 if their demands have still not been met .
The majority of India ’ s farmers sell their produce largely to small retailers at a much lower price than the government guaranteed price - offered to only a fraction of farmers .
They fear that with the introduction of the new laws , big retailers like Reliance Industries will enter the market to buy their produce at a lower price , while the government may slowly dismantle the current system of procurement at the guaranteed price .
Earlier this week , Reliance asked authorities to help stop attacks on its telecommunication masts by protesting farmers , who say the conglomerate has profited from the reforms at their expense .
Reporting by Nigam Prusty and Devjyot Ghoshal ; Writing by Alasdair Pal ; Editing by Hugh Lawson Our Standards : The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles .
All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes .
See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays .
