the fully loaded magazine Braving the harsh cold of Delhi , thousands of farmers protesting against the three recent Agri laws remained steadfast in their demands of repealing the legislation as their agitation entered its fourth week .
According to the India Meteorological Department , the national capital recorded its coldest day on Saturday with the minimum temperature dropping to 3.9 degrees Celsius at the Safdarjung Observatory , which provides the representative data for the city .
The mercury dipped to even lower levels in some parts of the city , recording 3.3 degrees Celsius and 3.4 degrees Celsius at Lodhi Road and Ayanagar , respectively .
The agitation has also led to traffic diversions at various border points causing inconvenience to commuters .
Taking to Twitter on Saturday , the Delhi Traffic Police alerted commuters about the closure of certain roads and suggested them to take alternative routes .
It said the Ghazipur border is closed for traffic coming from Noida and Ghaziabad due to the ongoing protest .
However , those travelling to Delhi can take alternative routes via Anad Vihar , DND , Apsara and Bhopra borders , it said .
`` Tikri , Dhansa Borders are closed for any Traffic Movement .
Jhatikara Borders is open only for two-wheelers and pedestrian movement , '' it said in a tweet .
However , for those travelling to Haryana , the Delhi Traffic Police said some borders are opened -- the Jharoda border ( only for single carriageway ) , Daurala , Kapashera , Badusarai , Rajokri NH 8 , Bijwasan/Bajghera , Palam Vihar and Dundahera .
The Chilla border between Noida and Delhi is open for traffic but just one carriageway .
However , the other carriageway from Noida to Delhi is closed , according to the traffic police .
`` Singhu , Auchandi , Piau Maniyari , Sabholi & Mangesh borders are closed .
Please take alternate routes via Lampur , Safiabad & Singhu school toll tax borders .
Traffic has been diverted from Mukarba & GTK road , '' the traffic police said .
`` Please avoid Outer Ring Road , GTK road , NH-44 , '' it tweeted .
Thousands of farmers , especially from Punjab and Haryana , have been camping at various border of Delhi for almost four weeks now as formal talks between the government and representatives of farmers ' unions remained deadlocked with protesting peasants refusing to accept anything less than a repeal of the newly enacted laws .
The farmers have been saying these new laws will pave the way for a dismantling of the Minimum Support Price mechanism and the mandi system , leaving them to the `` mercy '' of big corporates , apprehensions the government insists are misplaced .
Subscribe to Outlook ’ s Newsletter Goa 60th Liberation Day : PM Modi Greets People Of Goa Heavy Rains Lash Mumbai ; Streets , Rail Tracks Flooded Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed , 18 Injured As Residential Building Collapses Delhi ’ s Draft Master Plan 2041 Focuses On Environment , Economy , Mobility And Heritage Govt Issues Guidelines On Covid Management In Children , Here Are The Recommendations Road To Delhi Starts From UP ‘ BJP Will Come Back To Power In UP… The Party Will Keep Coming Back ’ To Make Tea , Add Water Lakshadweep Isn ’ t Maldives Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed in Residential Building Collapse Farmers ' Protest And Covid : Under The Anxious Summer Sky Jitin Prasada Joins BJP : Bad Optics For Congress , But Jitin Is No Jyotiraditya Battle For UP : Can A Divided , Dithering Opposition Challenge Yogi ?
BJP ’ s Karnataka Conundrum : If Not Yediyurappa , Then Who ?
'Ring Of Fire ' On June 10 : India To Miss Out On Celestial Event How Can You Identify Brain Tumor Early ?
How Much Would You Pay For A Kidney ?
Himachal ’ s Covid Infection Rate Drops To 5.3 % ; CM Apprises Amit Shah Of Situation French Open : Coco Gauff Makes Breakthrough In Paris At 17 ENG Vs NZ , 1st Test : Dom Sibley Stands Firm A England Dig In For Drab Draw Nutrition in COVID-19 times The Body Says What Words Can not : Dancing Docs Cheer Himachal Patients Up Save Food- Feed India Cricket Is All About Risk Management : Jos Buttler After First IPL Century If you are not a subscriber ?
Sign Up If you are a existing subscriber ?
Sign In OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below
