ANI | Updated : Feb 04 , 2021 20:28 IST New Delhi [ India ] , February 4 ( ANI ) : As the farmers continue their agitation against farm laws at various borders of the national capital , the Bharatiya Kisan Union ( BKU ) leader Rakesh Tikait on Thursday informed that three-hour-long 'chakka jam ' on February 6 will not take in Delhi.Speaking to reporters at the Ghazipur border protest site , he said farmers would provide food and water to the people who will be stuck due to 'chakka jam ' .
`` There will be a three-hour-long 'chakka jam ' on February 6 .
It wo n't take place in Delhi but everywhere outside Delhi .
The people that will be stuck in it will be given food and water .
We will tell them what is the Govt doing with us , '' Tikait said .
When asked to comment on nails fixed near barricades at the Ghazipur border ( Delhi-Uttar Pradesh border ) , Tikait said , `` We were growing crops there and they ( government ) fixed nails .
`` Responding to comments by the international celebrities on farmers ' protests in India , he said that there is no harm in 'Hollywood artists supporting farmers ' movement ' .
`` There is no harm in Hollywood artists supporting farmers ' movement , I do n't know them personally , but they are supporting without any expectation , '' he said .
The Ministry of External Affairs , in its statement , had earlier said that the government has passed the laws `` after a full debate and discussion '' and has `` initiated a series of talks '' to address the farmers ' issues.The MEA also condemned celebrities , who have drawn attention to the farmers ' protest on social media.The MEA 's response came after American pop star Rihanna extended support to the farmers ' protest .
`` Why are n't we talking about this ? !
`` , Rihanna tweeted on Tuesday , along with the hashtag ' # FarmersProtest'.Soon after Rihanna 's tweet , several other prominent international celebrities and activists including Jay Sean , Amanda Cerny , Lilly Singh , and Greta Thunberg came out in support of the farmers.Farmers have been protesting at different borders of the national capital since November 26 last year against the three newly enacted farm laws : Farmers ' Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation ) Act , 2020 ; the Farmers Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement on Price Assurance and farm Services Act 2020 and the Essential Commodities ( Amendment ) Act , 2020 .
( ANI ) Farmers Protest Nails Bharatiya Kisan Union New Farm laws Rakesh Tikait Chakka Jam Piyush Goyal expresses condolences over loss of lives in Mumbai building collapse Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 08:13 IST Death toll in Mumbai 's Malad building collapse increases to 11 Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 06:40 IST Delhi Police busts nationwide fraud syndicate operated by Chinese nationals , 11 held Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 06:26 IST Jitin Prasada 's exit 'great loss ' for Congress , his future is secure in BJP : Rebel Cong MLA Aditi Singh Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 05:44 IST Six-year-old video was circulated out of jealousy , enmity , says rapper Aditya Tiwari 's mother Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 04:27 IST Nine killed , 8 injured as residential structure collapses in Mumbai 's Malad West Updated : Jun 10 , 2021 04:33 IST Made a big mistake , will regret later : Cong MP Pradip Bhattacharya on Jitin Prasada joining BJP copyrights © aninews.in | All rights Reserved
