Thursday , Jun 10 , 2021 | Last Update : 08:33 AM IST Jammu/New Delhi : The Delhi Police has arrested two people , including a prominent farmer leader , from Jammu for their alleged involvement in the violence at the Red Fort during the farmers ' tractor parade on January 26 , officials said on Tuesday .
Jammu and Kashmir United Kisan Front Chairman Mohinder Singh ( 45 ) , a resident of Chatha area of Jammu city , and Mandeep Singh ( 23 ) , a resident of Gole Gujral , Jammu , were `` active participants '' and `` key conspirators '' in the violence at the historic fort , the Delhi Police said .
The duo was taken into custody by the Crime Branch of Delhi Police on Monday night and immediately shifted to the national capital for questioning , they said .
They were apprehended with the support of the Jammu and Kashmir Police , the Delhi Police said .
`` As per the information received , both the accused are active participants and key conspirators in the riot at Red Fort , '' Delhi Police Additional PRO Anil Mittal said .
Thousands of protesters had clashed with the police during the tractor parade called by farmer unions on January 26 demanding repeal of the Centre 's contentious farm laws .
Many of the protesters reached the Red Fort driving tractors and entered the monument , and some of them even hoisted religious flags on its domes and a flagstaff at the ramparts .
Mohinder Singh 's family , however , claimed that he was innocent and demanded his immediate release .
“He ( Mohinder Singh ) informed me that he was called by the Senior Superintendent of Police ( Jammu ) and was visiting Gandhi Nagar Police Station before his mobile got switched off .
Upon enquiring , I came to know that he was arrested by police and shifted to Delhi , ” the farmer leader 's wife told reporters .
She claimed that her husband was at the Delhi border and not Red Fort when the violence broke out .
“He went alone to see the SSP because he was not afraid as he had done nothing wrong , ” she said .
We have updated our Privacy and Cookie Policy .
If you continue to use our site , you agree to the updated Policies .
