Playing the “ dafli ” and singing songs about distress , a number of students from different universities joined farmers in their protest against the Centre 's farm laws at the Delhi-Haryana border in Singhu .
Arpan , a student of Punjab University and a resident of Chandigarh , said she joined the farmers ' agitation as she felt an `` emotional connection '' with them .
`` We have come here to support the farmers .
We are camping here with them and we have had meals at the langars .
We are also singing songs in Punjabi and Hindi to explain the farmers ’ condition , '' Arpan said .
At least around 25 to 30 students from different parts of Haryana and Punjab , were seen at the Singhu border on Saturday .
The students sat on the roads and sang songs about the difficulties faced by the protesting farmers ' , played tambourines or 'daflis ' and clapped along .
They also shared meals with the farmers in the makeshift community kitchens set up by the protesting farmers .
Ankit , a student of Kurukshetra University , said he came to Singhu along with farmers from Haryana ’ s Jhajjar district .
`` We have joined the farmers , we will follow them and do what they will do .
We have come here by our own wish .
We are eating and sleeping with them .
They ( farmers ) are providing us with meals and are treating us like their children , '' Ankit said .
Some students from Delhi also joined the farmers in their protest .
Feroz Alam , a student of history at Delhi University who joined the farmers at the Singhu border on Friday , said , `` As a student , I have come here to extend my support to the farmers and will not move till the farmers ' demands are accepted , '' Alam said .
Thousands of farmers stayed put at the Singhu and Tikri border points for the third consecutive day on Saturday amid heavy police presence .
They rejected the police 's suggestion of moving to a north Delhi ground .
The protesters ' numbers swelled at the Singhu border point as the farmers gathered there since Thursday and Friday were joined by more counterparts from Punjab and Haryana on Saturday .
Refusing to move towards the Sant Nirankari Ground , one of the largest grounds in the national capital , the farmers said they will not relent till they are able to hold their protest at Jantar Mantar or Ramlila Maidan in the heart of the national capital .
Outlook Group AB-10 Safdarjung Enclave , New Delhi -110029 011-71280400 71280433 & 71280462 agricontact @ outlookindia.com
