the fully loaded magazine Protesting farm unions will carry out a ‘ chakka jam ’ on Saturday to protest the Centre ’ s recent agriculture legislations .
As part of their protest , they will block national and state highways between 12 pm and 3 pm throughout the country , barring the national capital .
The farmers will also protest the Centre ’ s move to suspend internet services in areas their near their agitation sites , harassment allegedly meted out to them by authorities , and other issues .
In preparation for the protest today , the Delhi Police has taken additional measures , including tightening security and intensifying vigil at the city 's border points , to deal with any situation that may lead to violence .
Delhi Police Commissioner S N Shrivastava also held a meeting with senior officers of the force and reviewed the security arrangements on Friday .
The police will also be monitoring content on the social media to keep a watch on those spreading rumours against the force , officials said .
After the violence on January 26 that had left over 500 security personnel injured and one protestor dead , Shrivastava had accused the protesting farmer union leaders of betrayal and breaching the agreement as thousands of peasants deviated from their pre-decided routes for the tractor parade .
Tens of thousands of farmers atop tractors had broken barriers , clashed with police and entered the city from various points to lay siege to the Red Fort on Republic Day .
Elaborating about the security arrangements for the proposed 'chakka jam ' , Delhi Police PRO Chinmoy Biswal on Friday said in view of the violence that took place on January 26 , adequate security arrangements have been put in place by the Delhi Police at the borders so that miscreants are not able enter the national capital .
The Samyukta Kisan Morcha , an umbrella body of various farm unions protesting the three farm laws , on Friday said there would be no 'chakka jam ' in Delhi on February 6 even as it asserted that peasants in other parts of the country will block national and state highways for three hours but in a peaceful way .
However , police said they have taken additional measures to deal with any situation emerging out of the 'chakka jam ' .
`` We are monitoring content on the social media to make sure rumours are not spread against the police .
The protestors are camping at the borders of Delhi .
We are in touch with the police force of other states also , '' he added .
A senior police officer said to prevent any kind of law and order situation and disruption of normal life during the 'chakka jam ' , adequate forces are being deployed across the outer-north district of Delhi Police .
`` We have a very high security arrangement at Singhu border at present but for Saturday , we are strengthening it at the border .
`` We are deploying forces at all important points in the entire outer-north district of Delhi Police as a preventative measure to ensure that traffic and normal life is not affected , and also to ensure that there is no law-and-order situation or unauthorized 'chakka jam ' being done by violating norms , '' he said .
Another senior police officer from east district of Delhi Police said as a precautionary measure , iron nails studded on the roads have also been repositioned behind the barricades at the Ghazipur border , another protest site .
Deputy Commissioner of Police ( East ) Deepak Yadav said , `` According to the protesting farmers , they will not enter the national capital , but still as a precautionary measure , we have made adequate security arrangements to maintain law and order .
Adequate police presence will be in place at all important points and junctions across the district .
`` There will be additional deployment of pickets at all the border points .
All vehicles will be checked thoroughly at the entry and exit points of pickets and borders .
Additional buses have already been taken and extra barricades are being put up at the picket points across the city . ''
( With PTI inputs ) Subscribe to Outlook ’ s Newsletter West Bengal : JP Nadda To Launch BJP ’ s Rath Yatra Today Heavy Rains Lash Mumbai ; Streets , Rail Tracks Flooded Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed , 18 Injured As Residential Building Collapses Delhi ’ s Draft Master Plan 2041 Focuses On Environment , Economy , Mobility And Heritage Govt Issues Guidelines On Covid Management In Children , Here Are The Recommendations Road To Delhi Starts From UP ‘ BJP Will Come Back To Power In UP… The Party Will Keep Coming Back ’ To Make Tea , Add Water Lakshadweep Isn ’ t Maldives Mumbai Rain Mayhem : 11 Killed in Residential Building Collapse Farmers ' Protest And Covid : Under The Anxious Summer Sky Jitin Prasada Joins BJP : Bad Optics For Congress , But Jitin Is No Jyotiraditya Battle For UP : Can A Divided , Dithering Opposition Challenge Yogi ?
BJP ’ s Karnataka Conundrum : If Not Yediyurappa , Then Who ?
'Ring Of Fire ' On June 10 : India To Miss Out On Celestial Event How Can You Identify Brain Tumor Early ?
How Much Would You Pay For A Kidney ?
Himachal ’ s Covid Infection Rate Drops To 5.3 % ; CM Apprises Amit Shah Of Situation French Open : Coco Gauff Makes Breakthrough In Paris At 17 ENG Vs NZ , 1st Test : Dom Sibley Stands Firm A England Dig In For Drab Draw Nutrition in COVID-19 times The Body Says What Words Can not : Dancing Docs Cheer Himachal Patients Up Save Food- Feed India Cricket Is All About Risk Management : Jos Buttler After First IPL Century If you are not a subscriber ?
Sign Up If you are a existing subscriber ?
Sign In OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below OTP has been sent to your mobile and email .
Please enter it below
