Jump to navigation Speak Now A picture of a young man in turban , holding a placard demanding the release of separatist Kashmiri leaders , is viral on social media with the claim that it is a scene from the ongoing farmers ' agitation .
The text on the placard says , `` RELEASE ALL MAINSTREAM & PRO-FREEDOM KASHMIRI LEADERSHIP '' .
Names of Sikh groups Dal Khalsa and Shiromani Akali Dal ( Amritsar ) can be seen at the bottom of the placard .
The Hindi caption with the picture , posted on the verified Twitter handle of Delhi BJP spokesperson Naveen Kumar , translates to , `` In the last three decades , terrorists have snatched away many a people from the lap of their mothers .
When Hurriyat leaders stood in support of those terrorists , the heart cried a lot .
Now that Narendra Modi has locked them up in jail , youth in the farmers ' protest want them released .
Seeing this , the soul of their ancestors would also cry . ''
India Today Anti Fake News War Room ( AFWA ) has found the claim to be misleading .
This picture is from December 9 , 2019 , when Dal Khalsa and SAD ( Amritsar ) took out a rally from Amritsar to observe World Human Rights Day .
The organisers wanted to march till Srinagar but were stopped at the Jammu border .
The archived versions of similar posts can be seen here , here and here .
AFWA probe Reverse-searching the picture , we found it in a news report published by `` babushahi.com '' on March 11 , 2020 .
But the article had no mention of the whereabouts of the picture .
We then reached out to Dal Khalsa spokesperson Kanwar Pal Singh who confirmed to us that the picture is from a Dal Khalsa march held in December 2019 .
`` The picture in circulation is from a march by Dal Khalsa and SAD ( Amritsar ) from Amritsar to Srinagar .
We were planning to observe World Human Rights Day by holding a sit-in at Lal Chowk in Srinagar on December 10 .
However , the march was stopped at Madhopur-Kathua interstate border on December 9 .
The man in the picture is Angad Singh from Srinagar .
He was in Amritsar at the time and decided to join our march , '' Kanwar Pal Singh said .
The sequence of events was corroborated by a `` Hindustan Times '' report dated December 9 , 2019 .
Kanwar Pal Singh also shared with us a picture of Angad Singh from the march .
We compared this with a cropped version of the same image carried by news portal `` Sikh24.com '' on December 9 , 2019 .
We then reached out to Angad Singh , who is presently in Srinagar .
Speaking to AFWA , he said , `` I am the person seen in this picture .
This image has been circulating on social media with different claims since 2019 .
I was doing a diploma course from Amritsar in 2019 .
When Dal Khalsa organised a march to Srinagar , I joined them .
This picture was clicked on December 9 , 2019 , at Pathankot border . ''
`` After lockdown , I left Amritsar and enrolled for a degree course at Kashmir University .
I never visited the protesting farmers at Delhi 's borders , '' he added .
We found Angad in the same attire and holding the same placard as seen in the viral picture in some video reports on the Srinagar march .
The title of one such video uploaded on December 10 , 2019 , on Republic World 's YouTube channel says , `` Akali Dal And Dal Khalsa Activists Stopped From Entering Jammu And Kashmir '' .
Angad has also shared some images from the December 2019 march on his Facebook profile .
Here is a comparison between the viral image and a picture shared by Angad on Facebook from the same location on December 9 , 2019 .
On December 10 , 2020 , at Tikri border , the Bharatiya Kisan Union ( Ugrahan ) had put up posters of several activists currently in jail , to mark World Human Rights Day .
However , it is clear that the viral picture of a Sikh youth demanding the release of imprisoned Kashmiri leaders is from a 2019 march and not related to the ongoing farmers ' agitation against the three farm laws .
The number of crows determines the intensity of the lie .
Click here for IndiaToday.in ’ s complete coverage of the coronavirus pandemic .
Experts question Centre 's one-dose Covid vaccination efficacy theory What actions Alapan Bandyopadhyay may face if he fails to report to Delhi Delhi allows home delivery of liquor through mobile apps , online portals Potentially hazardous asteroid as big as Eiffel Tower to zip past Earth today Image of the day : Viral video of 6-year-old Kashmiri girl complaining about homework to PM Delhi HC quashes plea seeking to halt Central Vista project construction work Centre to take action against Alapan Bandyopadhyay : Sources Battling Covid-19 : Ground report from Karnataka 's Bagalkot PM Modi lauds Covid warriors , recounts his govt 's 7 years First batch of Indian-manufactured Sputnik V gets clearance Shiv Sena MP asks Centre to reduce vaccine gap for students going abroad ED to file affidavit in Dominican court to deport Mehuk Choksi back to India Copyright © 2021 Living Media India Limited .
For reprint rights : Syndications Today
